Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. So as we start tonight across the dusty planes and deserts. I've done Mar people are
Moving
Timothy Sackton: In the West, a tired massive refugee is pleased carola nine days ago.
David Schwartz: You put the value of on a roll.
Timothy Sackton: Out. Yes.
Great idea.
Timothy Sackton: Nine days ago while you were waiting for the festival to begin
Timothy Sackton: Rumors of attacks this. Yep. Here we go.
Timothy Sackton: Rumors of attacks rampaging creatures half human, half hyena and full of violence reach terroir which was later attacked by these Knowles and worse. A few days later.
Timothy Sackton: Now some
Timothy Sackton: Nine days later the refugee should hopefully
Timothy Sackton: Be nearing the river hard on the outskirts of toker if no danger has overwhelmed by the way.
Timothy Sackton: To the south Alaskan or small group of companions right it's quickly through the deserts, hopefully, avoiding danger and seeking to learn what works in the ruins of bossy data.
Timothy Sackton: And other points.
Timothy Sackton: Beyond and returned to Kara with knowledge to prepare for what may come in Kerala, the fate of the accolades and initiates of the shocker mysteries hold up in the temple of ship.
Timothy Sackton: Is unknown centers right now ride fast for towards these defenders of bringing the warning of a spreading plague and perhaps aid in battle as well. If it is not too late already
Timothy Sackton: To the east few dare to tread the ancient words protecting the borders of Dunbar have fallen and the dangers that were held at bay have emerged again.
Timothy Sackton: In the north, everything is unnaturally still and quiet nothing moves on the lands of the mountains meet the planes.
Timothy Sackton: In the mountain valley and hold fast of ravens hold some force or evil out of the disease, how of the
Best
Timothy Sackton: Works.
Timothy Sackton: Beneath the mountains. You all breathe a sigh of relief having moments ago defeated a rope or many tentacles stalagmite creature
With a vicious fight.
Timothy Sackton: Now, looking around the mangled remains of this
Timothy Sackton: Beast.
Timothy Sackton: crashing against the floor of this huge Torben marketplace strong acid running out of its wings with a few bits of partially digested bone, whatever else may remain of its previous victims.
Timothy Sackton: Looking around you, you can now see the remains of a massive Durban marketplace. The southern wall is lined with the remains of shops in various states of Ruin to the west, a two story building, perhaps, once a tavern stands still intact dollars having
Timothy Sackton: Just climbed down off the roof in the middle of the huge cover and around the dead body of the Roper arrays Daya stand surrounded by us to lag my garden beyond the rest of the cavern is last to shadow the doorway, the main entrance to this place.
Timothy Sackton: In the distance to the east.
Timothy Sackton: Behind you, a sound that has
Timothy Sackton: A mix of applause cackling
Eric Rosenbaum: Laughter
Timothy Sackton: And someone choking on a sip of water that went down the wrong way. The woman you met before, who led you to this cavern.
Timothy Sackton: Telling you to fight, fight in her broken dervishes standing with five for teaching people watching you. A surprise Glee and perhaps a bit of terror and constantly glancing over at the dead creature
Timothy Sackton: What would you like to do
Eric Rosenbaum: Good. And I want to investigate this to leg weights, a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong: Can you put them up, up, up. The remember now.
Yeah.
David Kong: And meta game question. Okay, so we are, I'm looking at the map of ravens hold Orban outpost.
David Kong: We are get where
David Kong: Well, depends on where
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong: Bit of a question.
David Kong: To get where
Eric Rosenbaum: You want fishing expedition.
David Kong: Well, I
Mike Sackton: See, I think. I mean, we're trying to go into ravens hole right we're trying to go into the other side.
Kate Sackton: Doors and Cross the wide open land.
Kate Sackton: Which hopefully doesn't have to be vines on the side.
Kate Sackton: Or we want to go underground if there's some sort of underground route.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we don't know exists.
Kate Sackton: Because I don't have any map saying this.
Kate Sackton: Forum for one
Kate Sackton: Paying around with borbon fortress for a while and maybe find my heirloom that I came here for me.
David Kong: Oh, that's true. You're looking for an heirloom. Okay. And another question. I've got the two apps, open the Ravens whole borbon outpost in the Napa rehearsal. Where is the warden outpost. We know how these two maps are related.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, the
West
Timothy Sackton: The west side.
Yeah.
Kate Sackton: The bridge goes over to like it. It looks like a little
Mike Sackton: Like a little door looking thing on the left hand side of the map.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we're at the top left of the more zoomed out map.
David Kong: Okay, rather popular. I see. Oh.
Mike Sackton: Well with a road crosses the river and goes to the fortress.
David Kong: Is a bridge a little bridge.
David Kong: Yeah, yeah. Okay, so we're not only trying to go to the
Mike Sackton: Fortress. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the question is what do we think is going to be in there and what benefit might there be to try to go there, aside from maybe we're gonna die. I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm also curious about these weird dwarf like creatures and what their story is, but I don't know if we can find out, maybe. Okay.
David Kong: Anyways, we can go back and care. I just want. I just wanted to remind myself the meta game what we're doing.
Timothy Sackton: So seek seek or wants to look around us still egg whites.
Yeah.
David Kong: Oh, one of us like almost die.
David Kong: Isn't Rosie. Very good, very
David Schwartz: Good though I'm in about half some injured but not critically
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to check my spell slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: I boo.
David Schwartz: Another Megan question to did any of us ever know what these things were like what these creatures were
Timothy Sackton: None of you have seen them before.
David Kong: I think
Timothy Sackton: Wait, did I say that chat.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on.
David Kong: Wait, but which one of us almost died a double
Mike Sackton: Yeah, as well be.
David Kong: Oh shit. Well, D. Oh yeah, you got pulled in thinking that
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: You for like 18 damage or something. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, brutal. Yeah.
David Kong: Are You Here now is somebody who you are you still
David Schwartz: Have I got some healing, but
I
Can
Kate Sackton: I can, I may have
Kate Sackton: I can step in and you feel like you've extended yourself on that speaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have three more first level slots. I could do healing.
Mike Sackton: I mean,
Eric Rosenbaum: You also have a bunch of postings. Remember
Timothy Sackton: Oriented short rest.
Mike Sackton: As I say, it wouldn't be a bad idea.
David Schwartz: To to
Mike Sackton: rest for a bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: While I'm exploring this flag nights. I'm also going to do stones, since the 70s called
Eric Rosenbaum: Out don't sense
Eric Rosenbaum: Just get a feel for what's around
Mike Sackton: I mean I, there are other ways out here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: There's several ways out in this room there's what you can see anyway. It's a way to the
Timothy Sackton: North. There's also
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there's a way. So this, this
Timothy Sackton: area over here is like the remains of of what used to be like a covered marketplace or something like that. There's these
Timothy Sackton: marble columns that sweep up towards the ceiling. They're sort of shaped sort of twisting and shape, almost like a frozen wave but whatever presumably elaborate roof. They supported has crashed to the ground around you.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's at the bottom of the map or
Timothy Sackton: That's that's here that's these for stone columns here which might be in darkness for some of you,
Though
Timothy Sackton: I'll turn off that
Timothy Sackton: I may just because the there's no work battle here. Let me turn off the drug route.
David Kong: Look at this little one.
Mike Sackton: That's the main way out.
Timothy Sackton: This would be the main way out. Yes.
David Kong: Yes, that presumably leaves the road that goes to the brewery. Okay. All right. Situated
Timothy Sackton: So well, everybody's looking around secret. Can you make investigation check
Mike Sackton: Can we take a short rest to would be very helpful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I was just trying to get my stone sense in before that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, well, that doesn't recharge on short rest that recharges
Eric Rosenbaum: Shit well
Timothy Sackton: Remember third level you have to
Eric Rosenbaum: I forgot about that. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't last for 10 minutes
Timothy Sackton: So you so. Okay, so let's say stone sense plus so
Eric Rosenbaum: The range of it is like 300 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's pretty long.
Eric Rosenbaum: Check off one of those unique charges.
Timothy Sackton: So what else is everybody, other than seeker. What else are you guys do.
Mike Sackton: I mean I'll
Mike Sackton: Walk around where is this woman, woman. She's just watching us.
Timothy Sackton: There she is currently watching you from the passageway back over here.
David Kong: Oh, can I, how many key. Do I get back after a short rest.
Timothy Sackton: All of them.
David Kong: All of the hell yeah. All right.
I'm ready.
David Kong: To do the
David Kong: Now yeah I'm before this, before I before
Timothy Sackton: I mean, short rest is is takes an hour. So before you click the short rest button. Let's like see what happens. Cuz she might not let you just like stand there for an
Timothy Sackton: Hour on
David Kong: My on my soul side her or Jerry do that.
Timothy Sackton: That doesn't require key.
Timothy Sackton: The basic use doesn't require key, it's only if you want to learn
Timothy Sackton: Combat relevant things like
Timothy Sackton: Okay vulnerabilities or
Timothy Sackton: Matt weather magic is affected them.
Timothy Sackton: Also also hold on I'm taking typing a message to iron to iron to Seeker um
David Kong: I was Aaron plus tire plus
David Kong: As tintypes that shorts. Do you remember in the original campaign how Dunmore had like some kind of a horse that like
David Kong: Was responsible for the lineage of like an empire.
David Schwartz: The horse chooses the next king.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and did Aaron kill the
David Kong: Horse, or did the mockers the mockers were involved in kidnapping the horse or doing something nefarious with the horse. Right.
David Schwartz: No. No, that doesn't sound very heroic.
David Kong: Have to remember. Okay. All right.
David Kong: Thank you waiting on
David Schwartz: Maybe we're gonna run like a horse scam or something like that.
Yeah.
David Schwartz: somehow try to try to like misdirect about who the horse that just because the worst one missing, right.
David Kong: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: You are trying to
Timothy Sackton: I think you are trying to
Timothy Sackton: Create a fake horse or something like that, because the country is
David Kong: Awkward.
David Schwartz: And then
David Kong: I had the observation that the mockers Word document on
David Schwartz: Oh, no. Oh.
David Schwartz: That's just me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, I want to head to the south. Oh, I'll back into when
Eric Rosenbaum: There's, there's something interesting that I'm sensing to the south of here and maybe in a cavern beneath us. Would you like to go investigate together.
Timothy Sackton: Just at the edge of your range.
Kate Sackton: A job seekers range. The range of our sites.
Eric Rosenbaum: The stone sense range. I think it's what it means.
David Schwartz: And the secret.
Timothy Sackton: I'm so in the
Timothy Sackton: Austin looking around in this. You're also looking around in this flag mites, you see.
Timothy Sackton: So this is clearly
You know,
Timothy Sackton: An area that's been purposely shaped
Timothy Sackton: The stone is has been sort of carved and coaxed into these elaborate
Timothy Sackton: Twisting and sparkling forums, although without light beyond the torch that still burning on the ground that will be through
Timothy Sackton: You can imagine this was much more striking when you know big crystals were shining down on that, um, you do. Notice that the
Timothy Sackton: Creature you killed
Timothy Sackton: Is
Timothy Sackton: Like whatever is oozing out of its, its wounds or its, its stomach has been punctured and it's like slightly eating away at the rock around that like its stomach is
Timothy Sackton: Strong acid or something.
David Kong: Um, can I do like some Arcana investigation. Yeah. I would just go investigate the body on a check situation.
Timothy Sackton: Just the body of the thing you killed. What are you trying to figure out
David Kong: Where it came from. Is it from this world is it from another dimension.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um, I'd say make a
Timothy Sackton: Make an investigation check
David Schwartz: Tim while he's doing that, I want to take a look around. Are there any like useful remains from people that might have eaten or go into the structure and see if there's anything that
Mike Sackton: You say, What's it
Mike Sackton: Like I would investigate the structure
Kate Sackton: Structure and go into a good place to rest.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think.
Kate Sackton: There's all our relationship with the
Mike Sackton: World speaking Kathleen people right
Eric Rosenbaum: We're going to do that first. Actually, yeah. Yeah, I'm saying
Timothy Sackton: I'm so
Timothy Sackton: Seeker and go with your both investigating the tavern.
Timothy Sackton: Structure, whatever it is. Yeah.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I was I were you.
Kate Sackton: I was also over by the structure until
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm wondering, to the south.
Timothy Sackton: So first,
Timothy Sackton: 10s are looking around at this creature, so you
Timothy Sackton: Don't have a lot of experience with
Timothy Sackton: Anything like this, but you can tell just from looking at it, it must be clearly something that is native to the
Timothy Sackton: dark places under the world. It doesn't seem to have eyes or any way of obviously sensing. It does seem like it must be sort of you know you're figuring out, it must be kind of an ambush predator, you do see something sort of white and shiny kind of blending a little bit
Timothy Sackton: Like in its body.
Timothy Sackton: Like just catching off the light of the torch something's reflecting and there's a bit of like sort of hissing sound as it's perfect.
David Kong: I think, I think the I say the, the staff, the old major staff, which I'm still carrying around me and I poke and I can I go and kind of poke over at it.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, um,
Timothy Sackton: The staff begins to dissolve.
Timothy Sackton: But this small like white pearl like about that big falls out of the body as you're poking around at it.
David Kong: Okay. Very interesting.
Timothy Sackton: The staff is now dissolving
David Kong: Okay. I mean, I put it once it starts dissolving I guy I pull it out, you know,
David Kong: Yeah.
David Kong: Now I have an elaborate stick, which is pretty cool. Um,
David Kong: Yeah I in this is the pearl like away from all of the acid body stuff, or is it like kind of sitting in the middle of it.
Timothy Sackton: That's, that's kind of sitting in the acid. It does not seem to be dissolving
David Kong: Can I like us to stick and hope the pearl away from the acids. So it's kind of, you know, just pushing it away from the
David Kong: Sure. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do that role for a pet.
David Kong: And hmm I pull up the gloves that I have in my bag and
David Kong: And I mean is the pearl like covered in acid or is it like kind of
Timothy Sackton: It actually doesn't seem to be very much
David Kong: I took like some like a piece of fabric or like
David Kong: Gloves or something and just just kind of pick it up.
David Kong: But not
David Kong: Having a touch my hand.
David Kong: How big is it
Timothy Sackton: Slick about that big. It looks like at one point it was maybe set in something metal
Timothy Sackton: But the metals dissolved around it.
David Kong: And let's see.
David Kong: Oh yeah, I will. I will. Oh, detecting evil and good. Maybe somebody choose
David Kong: OK.
David Kong: I just I I shout to everybody, or is it was near me. This is done with theory.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Are all sort of
Timothy Sackton: Your
Mike Sackton: This is by the body. Right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean I
Mike Sackton: Can assume we haven't gone into the right
David Kong: Yeah, I just call call everybody over called whoever's over
Eric Rosenbaum: I was wondering, to the south, but I'll head back. Yeah.
David Kong: I appear to have found something unusual in the body. Didn't want if you asked her team if this is magic.
Mike Sackton: It'll take a few minutes but sure.
David Kong: Yet so I just, I kind of just, you know, is it is it is what color is what color is the ball.
Timothy Sackton: That's like a
Timothy Sackton: translucent white
Eric Rosenbaum: So is it literally like a
Eric Rosenbaum: From a crustacean pearl. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That's what it looks like.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not not stone or gym or glass.
Timothy Sackton: Does not seem to be
David Kong: The Maya.
Timothy Sackton: It is magical
David Kong: It is natural.
David Kong: Right, it does it.
David Kong: Wasn't him.
Timothy Sackton: I'm talking to you.
Timothy Sackton: To
Timothy Sackton: See him down with your
Timothy Sackton: Face you're
Timothy Sackton: Okay so down to earth kind of goes into a transfer a few minutes and
Timothy Sackton: While the rest of you kind of poke around a little bit and and that's you're sort of doing this. You've, you've drifted a little bit far from the
Timothy Sackton: The main entrance now and let's just see
Timothy Sackton: So you're
Timothy Sackton: So at this point you sort of drifted out of sight. None of you can really see the creatures in the hallway over here anymore.
Timothy Sackton: The actual side of the body is is even outside of the range of Dallas dark vision. So they've all faded into the
Timothy Sackton: into the darkness.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, it is magical
Mike Sackton: Any hints as to what kind of magic.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: I messaged you
David Kong: Know what, what's the nature of this thing.
Mike Sackton: Transmutation magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the acid and natural phenomenon.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's the, it's the creature itself magic.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
David Kong: I think the creature is is native to these habitats. I don't know if Roseland
David Kong: Secret you've seen, you've heard of such peace and underworld, but
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question. Is this like a typical pest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another Roper God
Timothy Sackton: It's, it's not
Timothy Sackton: Right, that's not. I mean, now that you've sort of examine did and and poked around at it, you've definitely like heard things like this referenced in and blocks in and possibly maybe
Timothy Sackton: You know I've heard of one there, there's a, there's a number of sort
Timothy Sackton: Of underground's
Timothy Sackton: You know scavenger type
Timothy Sackton: predators that will often lurk especially in places like this that are
Timothy Sackton: Not so deep underground that nothing goes but somewhere that sort of a little bit close like cave entrances and things like that where they can ambush anything that wanders in for shelter.
Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: That suggests that this cavern was abandoned over a long period of time.
Eric Rosenbaum: To
Timothy Sackton: Make a make a nature check
David Kong: Now with what's the name of this girl.
Mike Sackton: Well, it
Mike Sackton: It seems like it has some sort of stored transportation, energy like it would release it's it's transmitting it would turn into something or release something if we activated it
Eric Rosenbaum: Why was it inside of this creature
Eric Rosenbaum: Was it put there by someone attacking the creature did it make the creature appear wasn't being used.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or the creature
David Kong: Did it turn something into the creature
Kate Sackton: To creature eat something that had it.
Mike Sackton: That's what I was thinking.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's all valid possibilities.
David Kong: So if I keep this thing in my pouch is as my as my sock gonna turn into another one of these things. I don't want that to happen.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Now, I don't think so.
David Kong: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: As for my experience.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should mention
Eric Rosenbaum: When you do leave a cavern untouched for a few years, that's when you can get one of these
Eric Rosenbaum: Roper creatures infesting. So that suggests to me that the cat. This place has been unused or abandoned for several years.
David Kong: Why
Kate Sackton: My uncle and his childhood that was
Eric Rosenbaum: On the go.
David Kong: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that was like 200 years ago.
David Kong: I'm going to keep this thing.
David Kong: Don't, don't forget that I had it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not too long.
David Kong: Rested my bag.
Kate Sackton: Examine it more if you
Want to give
Eric Rosenbaum: A toss
David Kong: Toss it over to prison.
Kate Sackton: They call on the ritual powers of my god
Kate Sackton: Knowledge is
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so rather than focuses and concentrates for a few minutes and kind of praise over the item. I'm one of them is
Timothy Sackton: Anything else the rest of you want to do well.
David Schwartz: I wouldn't go in the building and see what what's in there and
David Schwartz: Yeah. Anything interesting so
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So it's, uh, I'll come back to you in a sec.
Timothy Sackton: So this is a going inside. It seems like this was definitely some sort of tavern or gathering place or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: But the
Timothy Sackton: Floors inside. We're probably built a wood or something, not solid stone, because you can see some columns.
Timothy Sackton: But just looking up straight to the ceiling. It stretches up two stories on the inside and it feels very dry and dusty and it sort of has an air of, like, like it hasn't been disturbed in a while like there's sort of a layer of dust over everything and
Timothy Sackton: You know, it doesn't seem like something that's been frequented recently.
David Schwartz: Sounds like a search of it doesn't turn up anything
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Makeup, makeup, both of you make Perception checks.
Timothy Sackton: Is writing a message to
David Kong: Him. I sent you a message to their whenever you have
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I didn't let me see what
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you find
You know, this is
Timothy Sackton: Based on the sort of pattern of the dust and the, you know, the sort of way. This thing is laid out. It's definitely been abandoned for several years, but sort of poking around you can see that it
Timothy Sackton: It seems like it had been used for something. And one of the sort of back wall is kind of carved a little bit into the wall of the of the cavern, and faded in that wall there is scratched.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of like graffiti a
Timothy Sackton: What looks like like a skeleton of a rest.
Timothy Sackton: With, like a bit of flat. Maybe one not really a skeleton. I guess there's a bit of light flashing off the wrist and then three bony fingers that have been where the flesh has been burned away like sticking on top of it. And then there's a
Timothy Sackton: Some. This is all like quite faded, but there are some letters in a language that neither of you.
Timothy Sackton: Recognize
David Schwartz: Them down
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
David Kong: I read weird languages, if you call me over.
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
David Kong: And do I directed to can I read it.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. Do you want to use one of your, do you want to be able to read it.
Timothy Sackton: You have two languages that you just decided, whenever you
David Kong: Came across
David Kong: Well yeah, I want to read it.
Timothy Sackton: When
Timothy Sackton: Once you pick it. You can't change it later stuck with this language. Wait.
David Kong: Oh, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could be door fish.
David Kong: Oh no, I can't. Can you guys read it.
Kate Sackton: Right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is in there. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, I mean, does it look like darvish we would recognize
Mike Sackton: It or not.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Actually
Timothy Sackton: Make an intelligence check
Timothy Sackton: You don't know you know the the
Timothy Sackton: Writing is kind of faded and a
Timothy Sackton: Little bit hard to sort of peers to piece together anyway. And it's nothing that you particularly recognize
Eric Rosenbaum: The three fingers. I'll
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll stumble in there.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Start to want to bash
Eric Rosenbaum: I also read presuming there's a written language of the lizard folk that language.
Timothy Sackton: Not lizard folk
David Kong: Out where am I languages in the world languages in the
Mike Sackton: Corner.
Yeah.
David Kong: Oh, here it is.
David Kong: Nice, nice. Okay. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I inspect the drawing itself. Is there any
Eric Rosenbaum: Done by someone with stone craft ability is it crude is it masterful
Timothy Sackton: It's Ah, it's
Timothy Sackton: So it's not it's feels very different than how a dwarf would
Timothy Sackton: You face a building. I mean, it's not done.
Yes make-a
Timothy Sackton: Hold on, wait. That was gonna respond to shorts. Um, so if it's done in a way that you know seems to you to be like quick direct sort of
Timothy Sackton: Not unskilled but not
Timothy Sackton: Not done with sort of care for the stone or the building right it's graffiti. It's somebody defacing a building.
David Kong: It's kind of like hobgoblin or something.
David Kong: Or some
David Kong: What are the dwarves natural enemies.
David Kong: Secret and wrestling.
David Kong: With them.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. What do you mean natural enemies. I mean,
Historical
David Kong: Were there any big wars fought between the dwarves and
David Kong: goblins and
Timothy Sackton: Um, yeah, I mean how goblins were a major enemy of everybody at the end of the during the
Timothy Sackton: Um, yeah. So how goblins were like certainly they were a major enemy of the Donmar A and one
Timothy Sackton: Of the
Timothy Sackton: Hold on.
David Schwartz: So well well he looks at it and just sort of
David Schwartz: You know, realize this, what's going on at this for the first 30 seconds or so he's just sort of lost in his own thoughts kind of zoned out staring at this thing.
David Schwartz: Either very intently or very distracted.
David Schwartz: Looks like he's trying to think of something
David Schwartz: It's kind of like
David Schwartz: There's a level of this
David Kong: There's one. What did you learn about the pearl
Kate Sackton: Well,
Kate Sackton: When I when I looked at it for a long time. I got a mental image of a bit releasing power think that that we're wanting to
Kate Sackton: Need additional power to be able to cast a spell.
Kate Sackton: One with one had already dreams ones resources in that area. This could restore the pathway for for some additional spell casting
Power
David Kong: Powerful indeed perhaps
David Kong: Perhaps dealt with their
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I think several of us put
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you. So at some point.
Timothy Sackton: One person has to attend to it. You can't pass it around.
David Schwartz: So, well, these sort of snaps up and
David Schwartz: Says I have seen this before. We've seen this before. This is a hub goblin battle banner. Maybe the end of the last stage. Maybe the very beginning of this age, that's the symbol. We've run from that symbol before
Eric Rosenbaum: We have
Eric Rosenbaum: But the mark is pretty old. Right.
Timothy Sackton: It's not, it's the mark is not 150 years old but
Eric Rosenbaum: But more than likely
Timothy Sackton: It's not, it's not like it's it's faded. It was not easy to see. I mean, once you once whoever wrote above a 15 once while be spotted that
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you can could
Timothy Sackton: Find it but you. It would have been easy to miss as well faded.
Eric Rosenbaum: So perhaps this dwarfing strongholds was taken by hog goblins, who then left later and
Eric Rosenbaum: Sometime later, after that.
Eric Rosenbaum: These other folks moved in, but we still don't know anything about them.
Eric Rosenbaum: No squatters, I suppose.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Tim. We don't know. There's no memory or record of people's that look like this in the door.
Timothy Sackton: Now, I mean they're not
There are
Timothy Sackton: There are sort of
Timothy Sackton: Rumors and tall tales of sort of
Timothy Sackton: Twisted experiments of those creatures that live far below the earth that you know way deep below the even the dwarves and kingdoms and it's always been sort of part of the
Timothy Sackton: The dwarves and kind of the, the boogeyman that you tell your dwarf kids story at night, right, like, you know, the creatures from the deep that will come up in and get you the sort of
Timothy Sackton: The counterbalance to the sort of desire to dig as deep as you can and and sort of search and explore is that there's things down there. You don't want to meet
Timothy Sackton: But there's not clear records of I mean there's not like beastie areas that kind of list everything that's there. And in your experience, you haven't
Timothy Sackton: You are never one who was delving deep underground and sort of exploring your where's your family. Right. I mean, they were architects, they were
Timothy Sackton: Pretty much at the surface, you've, you know, you've heard tales and stories and kind of
Timothy Sackton: Rumors and hints of
Timothy Sackton: Things, but nothing you can really nothing definitive
Timothy Sackton: Dad.
Kate Sackton: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Just weird us
Kate Sackton: Going back to the hop on calls during his can never said anything about like
Dinner so
Timothy Sackton: Know,
Timothy Sackton: That they fled maybe
Timothy Sackton: 200 years. I mean, they fled during the words with Shema so so there were a hog goblins, they weren't
Timothy Sackton: Necessarily things that attacked. I mean, there was a number of hobgoblin wars during that
Timothy Sackton: series of wars that mark that are
Kate Sackton: Desperate played the fortress was
Timothy Sackton: No, you never nobody really ever talked about what
Timothy Sackton: The last desperate flight was and why some treasure was removed and not all of you like nobody
Timothy Sackton: That your ongoing just not talk about it and
Timothy Sackton: Nobody would really ever give you a straight answer about that whether because I didn't know or they didn't want to
Eric Rosenbaum: Respond. Could we see that
Eric Rosenbaum: Map of this place again because I'm wondering about
Eric Rosenbaum: Having walked it around it a bit what
Eric Rosenbaum: What all the exits on the map correspond to in this room that we're in my feeling is that now my feeling is that this living space must have passageways
Kate Sackton: Through it, or this tavern thing must have passes waves through it to the area. My uncle marketers living space. That's my feeling based on the orientation of the
Kate Sackton: main door and became a music next it and
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, keep through this passage waiver. The interesting full
Eric Rosenbaum: Metal
Kate Sackton: Seems to be in mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: As I work out some new techniques for adding spatial temporal dimensions to maps. I'm starting to see how it might improve the view of multiple layers in the ground of this map and noticing how it could be a little confusing.
Kate Sackton: To clarify, who's trying
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm curious to get down to that vault where I do send something powerful down there to the south of a destination starting place to find my family's treasure that's really. And so there's a passage way down.
Eric Rosenbaum: But must be beneath where we're standing. But how do we get to that passage way.
Pattern in living space.
Eric Rosenbaum: But do we see any exits in this tavern. You say before was rotted
Timothy Sackton: Know the
Timothy Sackton: Soda where you came in to see where those like three passageways connect
Timothy Sackton: Right, that's like where you came into the tavern or the
Mike Sackton: Market area and like here.
Timothy Sackton: So there's yeah
Timothy Sackton: That's that's here.
David Schwartz: It would take the North branch of those
David Schwartz: Three up to the living space.
David Schwartz: And then so thanks
David Schwartz: exit from the living space under the cover and we're in
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's do that.
David Schwartz: To come will be go down and Search the market area first
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was gonna say what so I want to, I still think we should take a short rest. Before we go into the vault with something powerful
Timothy Sackton: down over here.
Timothy Sackton: While be
Timothy Sackton: Sure.
Mike Sackton: But also. Yeah, I was gonna go sir trying to also I want to do this place look like it was
Mike Sackton: Falling apart or sacked
Timothy Sackton: The whole market area. You mean
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Some about
Timothy Sackton: I mean clearly some of it has fallen apart a little bit but
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: Mostly, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Well, constructed dwarves and buildings of stone would not just collapse, even after a couple hundred years if nothing happened to them.
Kate Sackton: My feeling is that the rest would be
Kate Sackton: Delightful. But I think that rather than in this open marketplace. We go through the passage to the living space.
More defensible position.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting idea.
Mike Sackton: How about the tavern isn't the living space gonna be full of our friends. The park for
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's go find out.
Mike Sackton: Isn't it
Mike Sackton: Where did we meet them.
David Kong: He came in through the hidden exit.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we were on the center central branch of that three way.
Timothy Sackton: Wow map doesn't seem to totally correspond to what you saw, because you came in from the hidden exit into a big cavern.
David Kong: Oh, that was the living right
Timothy Sackton: Which could reflect the fact that the to pop you know the
Eric Rosenbaum: Topology hasn't changed a little bit or
Uncle
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Kate Sackton: Eager
Timothy Sackton: You birds memory is not necessarily 100% PERFECT. IT WAS 200 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: And even sketching things out. So maybe you came in the living space. Maybe this network of quarters is slightly drawn in perfectly just because you have a map doesn't mean it's over 100% accurate.
Timothy Sackton: You came from the hidden exit you walked through that large cavern that had the pools of water and the
Timothy Sackton: Partner worth crazy person and her followers and then you came out into the market where you're standing in the market. You can see an exit to the east and exit to the north and an exit to the west. There's no exit from the market to the south.
Timothy Sackton: You never really explored what
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: You were just sort of taken from this hidden exit through to the market and you never really explored.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anywhere.
Timothy Sackton: Here. No, not in the market.
Mike Sackton: Well, before we do anything else. Let's well be searching down here.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: What's the
Weather
Timothy Sackton: Well, being dealt with when you make Perception checks down there.
Mike Sackton: Rolling great tonight.
Timothy Sackton: So it's a
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Seemed like this used to be a series of shops or
Timothy Sackton: You know, small storefronts little, little building some kind of stalls and some that were, you know, built more into the walls of the cave.
Timothy Sackton: This area is much more clearly been purposely destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: You know, like walls have been knocked down that there's like 12 and construction just wouldn't have right randomly collapsed, unless there was an earthquake, the paving there's a sort of a path the paving stones have been partially torn up
Timothy Sackton: You know, there's not there's nothing really to find down here. I mean, you don't see any
Timothy Sackton: Anything else besides that, but it does seem to be
Timothy Sackton: You know, an area that was clearly destroyed in a way the tavern was maybe reused instead of destroyed but down here was
Timothy Sackton: Was certainly sacked
David Schwartz: So maybe 150 years ago this hub goblins come in.
David Schwartz: Second place graffiti the tavern.
David Schwartz: And either abandon it after then or get
David Schwartz: Trapped inside and devolve into weird cave dwelling.
Things.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think those were hobgoblin
Mike Sackton: Yeah I don't either.
Mike Sackton: I don't think that, wow.
Mike Sackton: Any stories about how goblins turning into their creatures.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that doesn't make a lot of sense. Actually, it's true.
Kate Sackton: It's a wonderful day.
Timothy Sackton: So do you want to rest in the tavern. Do you want to head back out the West or the north or the east.
Timothy Sackton: Valley been about half an hour at this point and still no
Timothy Sackton: Movement from the
Timothy Sackton: Corner to the west.
Mike Sackton: I still think we should take a short rest and in in the building and then go back to the
Mike Sackton: Try and find our way to this secret passage down to the bar this underground passage
David Schwartz: Agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Take a rest.
Timothy Sackton: Is that anybody want to attune to them.
Timothy Sackton: Her all while you're resting
Eric Rosenbaum: In a meta game view. Does it seem to be a single use item or not.
Mike Sackton: Now, do we have a sense of what kind of magical it
Mike Sackton: I mean,
Mike Sackton: Is it are painted diviner
Timothy Sackton: It felt more arcane to you, although in a meta game sense. It's just, it would work for anybody but no flavor sense, it's definitely more arcane
Mike Sackton: I mean, it seems useful for somebody
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm out of second level spell slots, but only until to begin with. So
Mike Sackton: I mean,
Mike Sackton: Regaining spouse is not that useful for me cuz I began them all with a short
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I do not. Is that true
Timothy Sackton: No only well Oxford game is short rest.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I try it, then
Timothy Sackton: Sure. Um, so if you go to equipment and search go to Manage equipment and then type pearl power.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pearls power okay and edit.
Timothy Sackton: Click Add. Yep. And then you need to attune to it.
Timothy Sackton: So if you scroll down to
Timothy Sackton: You probably have to check the check the box so that it's an active and then if you scroll down under attunement it will pop up as an item you can attune to
Eric Rosenbaum: Under a tune into Uh huh. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I can check that off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, like a tuned. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And now it has one charge that you can use, which is for stored on a long rest and if you check the charge you can gain back a second level spouse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Neat. That's powerful. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So wait, how do I get this bill slot thing.
Timothy Sackton: You just have that you can just unclear one of your use slots for a second level, it won't auto restore the spell slot for
Eric Rosenbaum: I see. So I do that. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're asked everybody to take a short rest. Anybody who wants to, I guess, well be can roll.
Timothy Sackton: Hit days.
Timothy Sackton: And secret as you're resting you
Timothy Sackton: It, it almost feels like it does feel like a spring on coiling like as your sort of focusing on this this pearl
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: This energy kind of is released.
Timothy Sackton: Almost all of a sudden, and it feel the
Timothy Sackton: Power of restoring to you.
Timothy Sackton: And then as you're kind of contemplating it as you're tuning to it. You can feel it kind of slowly drawing in energy from the
Timothy Sackton: From the land around you.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of pulling on whatever ley lines or energy. Oh, before you roll a second while you already well too. But before you roll a second one.
Timothy Sackton: Also
Timothy Sackton: Seeker. You have the ability to Song of rest ability so you can walk so anybody who wants it, there's an extra one sex.
Timothy Sackton: Out of one the sex to whatever you rolled shorts. Anyway, so you can feel it. Eric secret. You can feel it sort of
Timothy Sackton: Slowly kind of gathering in this energy and you figure over time it will accumulate enough more energy to then be released all at once.
David Kong: Message your message, rather than
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: The release to all at once. I'm gonna try understood that.
Timothy Sackton: So that's basically one it accumulates energy over time. And then once a day, you can
Timothy Sackton: That energy to restore spouse lot
Eric Rosenbaum: I gotcha.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to hold on to this.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Everybody's short rested got your key back got your
Mike Sackton: Yeah, so let's
David Schwartz: Sit down.
Mike Sackton: Let's head.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: Before we go any place, Tim, can you answer my question here.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what you're asking me about you mean from the message I sent you at the beginning of the session. Yes. Yeah.
Okay, yes.
David Kong: Yes, it is.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, I replied to your message.
David Kong: Okay, God,
I just understood
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: What's your next goal here.
David Schwartz: Get down to the ball. Can we check the front door. I mean,
David Schwartz: I have this bad vision of all of the people in here just like running out into the courtyard and then
David Schwartz: For into the open area is the door lock does it closed. Is it operable
Timothy Sackton: That you mean if you go to the east.
Timothy Sackton: main entrance
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Let's see. So you come out. It just sort of explore briefly in that direction first steps that lead down into sort of an entry hall.
Timothy Sackton: And as you sort of come down in this direction as you sort of start to come down the steps you can see there is some dim light from from sunlight being cast through the open doors.
Timothy Sackton: One doors open. It's sort of not they're not fully wide open, but it's not
Timothy Sackton: completely healed.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: As your sort of coming down the stairs that opens into this wider.
Timothy Sackton: entry way where there's a series of pillars that kind of stand
Timothy Sackton: along the walls and they're sort of large crystal globes most that are shattered and cracked supported
Timothy Sackton: On top of these lots of stuff missing, like there's little sockets on the columns where something was probably on point.
Timothy Sackton: And generally just look sort of empty.
Timothy Sackton: looted. But then you can see looking down about
Timothy Sackton: 3040 feet. So you come down the steps. And then there's this
Timothy Sackton: Whole 3040 feet out that
Timothy Sackton: The passage way the hall opens up and there's these two huge stone doors, going to the outside, one of which is pushed about two thirds of the way open casting some light into here.
Timothy Sackton: You want to go. Is that where did you want to go all the way out.
David Schwartz: I don't want to go all the way out. Can I like, get line of sight to look out the door and just get even a sliver of what things look like out there.
Timothy Sackton: Just for fun mega stuff.
David Schwartz: But he said, fun
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you just kind of cautiously creep towards the entryway and
Timothy Sackton: Peer out just kind of not going out, but just looking across
Timothy Sackton: And what do you can see from here is probably
Timothy Sackton: mid afternoon at this point after your short rest and the light looking across the
Timothy Sackton: Valley of ravens hold feels sort of dim and hazy, almost as if there's smoke in the air.
Timothy Sackton: The past the road leads down from here and you can see the sort of clear path of the road leading across to the
Timothy Sackton: Castle of and the stronghold of ravens hold on the other side of the valley.
Timothy Sackton: There was a waterfall cascading down to this pool and around the sides of the pool. There's sort of like what looked like black slimy cocktails. Growing up the bridge passes over
Timothy Sackton: A dark river that's sort of moving slowly out from this pool with a water fall flies down and looking to your right, sort of towards the entry of the valley. You can see scattered clumps of these thorny plants.
Timothy Sackton: Guarding the like little almost like cactus brushes dotting the valley, which all seems very dry and dusty, almost as if
Timothy Sackton: Nothing's getting any nourishment from the water. There's, there's like a few trees that line this this river, but they're all dead.
David Schwartz: Right. Well, I will sneak back and relay that information.
Again,
Eric Rosenbaum: That vulture seemed to think things were moving around in this area. I wonder what it was referring to.
Eric Rosenbaum: You didn't see anything moving
Eric Rosenbaum: It did. It did say that
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that was like two days ago now.
Timothy Sackton: But no. You did not see anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Slimy cat tails.
Mike Sackton: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Like weird spiky plants, basically.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, like like spiky plants like sticking up but with
Timothy Sackton: Where a normal cartel would be just sort of like almost it looked like it was sweating like dark is dripping off the top.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's probably not normal.
Timothy Sackton: No, definitely not.
Kate Sackton: Underground
Mike Sackton: Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the water looked abnormal
Timothy Sackton: It looked very dark almost like almost bloody
Eric Rosenbaum: Which was not how the water that we were ourselves bodily immersed in earlier look
Timothy Sackton: Very much. Not now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'll take this opportunity to feed our loyal companion taster.
Eric Rosenbaum: House taster.
Timothy Sackton: taster is
Eric Rosenbaum: Not happy. Well, hey,
Timothy Sackton: Well, I don't know how often you've carried rabbits through dark tunnels.
Timothy Sackton: battles with monsters with tentacles flying around, but I think it's gonna take taster more than an hour to calm down after
Eric Rosenbaum: tasters and pets.
Eric Rosenbaum: And a little bit of
Eric Rosenbaum: Tried rations.
Timothy Sackton: Start where to
David Schwartz: To living space down to the Volt.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Yep, let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you start to
Timothy Sackton: See, you had back towards the direction towards the living space will be here and as you begin to approach this passage way, you can see that
Timothy Sackton: This creature has been sort of slumped sitting against the side of the wall, talking to a few of our companions, and as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of stands up and and looks at you and says,
Timothy Sackton: You were leaving, yes.
Timothy Sackton: This is not the exit.
Timothy Sackton: You wanted safe passage out out
Timothy Sackton: What are you here for
Kate Sackton: You can let us
Timothy Sackton: Let you pass to where
Timothy Sackton: This is my kingdom.
Timothy Sackton: Know,
Timothy Sackton: What do you explore for
Eric Rosenbaum: I know drizzling and say let's maybe we should take this opportunity to more formally introduce ourselves and
Eric Rosenbaum: And get to know each other.
David Kong: I'm really quickly meta game they're speaking in Georgia, try so only wrestling and
Timothy Sackton: We're assuming that one of them is
David Kong: Translating okay
Eric Rosenbaum: Back to you.
Mike Sackton: Because anybody in the we have, we established what languages, everybody speaks
As an aside,
Timothy Sackton: Nope.
Timothy Sackton: In fact, some of you have quantum language knowledge.
I do
Mike Sackton: I'm just gonna muse.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to mute out loud and Elvis just see if anybody responds
Mike Sackton: Just, you know, I'll say
Mike Sackton: The these, uh, these
Mike Sackton: Well, I don't know if anybody has anybody speak salvation, let me know and I'll tell you what I say.
Mike Sackton: And she doesn't seem to respond.
Now,
Mike Sackton: But we'll think she. Do we have any idea if he speaks then Mari, we don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody tried
Timothy Sackton: The only thing she's spoken to you in some initially some language, you didn't understand and then door button.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I forgot about that.
Mike Sackton: Um,
Mike Sackton: I will
Mike Sackton: I will just gesture for the suggest we step away from her.
Mike Sackton: Like just gesture to the other people and sort of walk back and sort of bout to her.
I'll
Mike Sackton: I'll sort of nod to her and say something and say,
Mike Sackton: You know, yes.
Mike Sackton: I see that that your place is important you know that your kingdom is important to you.
Mike Sackton: What else discuss in that Mari
Timothy Sackton: She doesn't respond, but you can
Timothy Sackton: She's sort of looking a bit over your shoulder. She's talking like she's been kind of waiting
Timothy Sackton: To get into this, Kevin.
Timothy Sackton: Are you leaving now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Give us a minute to discuss, please. I say, and and back away without turning my back on her.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's so it seems. And they may know or think
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry what we want, pass it back there, but
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: They may think that there's something of value to them in here to
David Kong: Him. I can, I saw slight her
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: All right, I saw slider.
Well,
David Kong: She does seem a little bit frightened of us are frightened of something probably us and she's definitely I think excited to get over there.
David Kong: I'm
David Kong: Him on. Can I, you know,
David Kong: I mean, she looks dangerous that she look like she could find, like if we like fire.
David Kong: Like I mean she's
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, there's dozens of them and they have weapons.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, standing right around here there's there's her and for her companions, but some of them do have
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, why is
Mike Sackton: Perhaps would be best if
Timothy Sackton: Hooks like spears that are sort of hooked
Timothy Sackton: And barbed on the top.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps would be best if most of us some
Mike Sackton: What what pretended to leave or did leave and
Mike Sackton: One of us.
Mike Sackton: Disappeared and went to this exploration and visibly
Eric Rosenbaum: Another possibility is if we could appease these people with some kind of gift.
David Kong: I don't think we're going to be able to do that, I think, I think our approach is either it's either you scare them, and I've got some thoughts on how we might be able to do that or we
David Kong: sneak around them.
Kate Sackton: Thinking self is a great option because I'm not very good at it. And I really want to be involved in getting the depth of this place.
Yeah.
David Kong: She's
David Kong: Um, and before we take any more. I as I study her a little bit more. She's stronger than she looks. She's not a week. She's not weak by any means.
Eric Rosenbaum: What sort of strength.
David Kong: Lot of stamina. I think in this one. If we were to fight.
David Schwartz: I like to do at least trying a gift to bribery to offer away through
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, what if we got
Eric Rosenbaum: A shot. Let's turn out our pockets.
Eric Rosenbaum: See what's available.
Eric Rosenbaum: That might be of interest.
David Schwartz: Yeah, what would be priced if one was living underground for a long time.
Eric Rosenbaum: fresh produce.
Eric Rosenbaum: Delicious rabbits.
David Kong: Well,
David Kong: As I study for more
David Kong: She, she's she has some powers, this one.
David Kong: I think she is capable of some magic actually
David Kong: She might like that, bro.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the but but I also like the
David Kong: We might like what's in the vault even more.
I mean, unless it was when there's like some member of their group was going by the dropper and so they know the gripper had to throw in one stone.
David Kong: It. I mean, we could try showing it to her and see if she she responds and then perhaps harder.
Eric Rosenbaum: My guess is, regardless of whether she even knew it existed before she would insist that it was hers, and that should, we should give it back to her.
David Kong: While she doesn't know that we found it there.
Kate Sackton: But if we just allow them access to that space.
You know, we could stay here as long as you wanted
Mike Sackton: Mean, the question is, does she want us out because
Mike Sackton: That she was
Mike Sackton: The champion did She seemed like she wanted to she wanted us to be gone so that she could
Mike Sackton: Lose the place
Mike Sackton: Or was it more
I don't
Timothy Sackton: Know there's no I you know that
Process thousand she can replace but she wanted to refer guns and she can place.
But
Kate Sackton: We don't know we're giving up if we haven't found anything other girl.
Kate Sackton: But I don't really care. Unless I'm really wanting it to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: We do have a fair amount of highly flammable oils.
Eric Rosenbaum: That were brought up.
Timothy Sackton: There's no way you were carrying a barrel. A 70 pound barrel of oil without your horse so
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh crap, that's all the
Timothy Sackton: Oil is back with the horse.
Eric Rosenbaum: But Brisbane and had a small quantity. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I believe, has been at a small quantity of oil.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just thinking about what we might offer
Eric Rosenbaum: Or anything feel page from surely the word has spread here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Play now of the recent publication of legendary staff Kenzo I could find the page.
Mike Sackton: To
Mike Sackton: Do we think that
Mike Sackton: I mean, did they did, they seem poor and ill equipped when we went through the living space. I mean, it's like pots and pans and steel going to be something that she cares about or does he like
Timothy Sackton: They certainly seem well the, I mean, she didn't seem particularly poor ill equipped, but the like 20 or 30 sort of
Timothy Sackton: Creatures like her who are sort of huddled around the
Timothy Sackton: Edges of the pools seemed quite or an
Timothy Sackton: Almost starving. Like, not just porn ill equipped but malnourished.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, you might like to have if you live underground
Eric Rosenbaum: And endlessly non fuel consuming source of light.
Mike Sackton: They probably
Mike Sackton: Did they have torches, or was it all dark for you have
Timothy Sackton: Not seen a single light, except in this entire place, except for the two torches that while he has carried
Eric Rosenbaum: So we don't want to give them that magical spearpoint torch thing.
Timothy Sackton: They
Timothy Sackton: Kind of shied away from the light when you came in.
David Schwartz: What, why don't we just asked for a train right
David Schwartz: It sounds like
David Schwartz: She thinks that is killing the rover but safe passage out and only safe passage
David Schwartz: So let's ask what she wants, you know, we're here to explore. We
Mike Sackton: Can tell her about the vault.
David Schwartz: We can be vague.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will be, would you like to be the negotiator, and I can translate for you.
David Schwartz: Not my strong suit. But I'm happy to happy to give it a try.
David Kong: But before we start that I also look and I saw site also just the people like it's her and then she's got for like underlings.
Yeah.
David Kong: Yeah what what what's going on with the four of them.
David Schwartz: Really like bloodthirsty kids. Oh.
David Kong: No.
David Kong: No, actually I'll explain in a moment. One beginning about
David Kong: You can say it out loud, Tim. I'll just tell them
Timothy Sackton: Okay. I mean, so they all basically seem
Timothy Sackton: So, so the three of them just seem kind of almost
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of flat like they have almost no emotional aspect at all, they're just kind of obedient.
Timothy Sackton: The other one is
Timothy Sackton: You know seem there's one who looks kind of
Timothy Sackton: better equipped have
Timothy Sackton: A has a weapon addition to a sphere.
Timothy Sackton: Seems kind of
Timothy Sackton: Paranoid concerns.
Timothy Sackton: A mix of
Timothy Sackton: You know, sort of anxious and angry.
David Kong: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And most spoiling for a fight.
David Kong: You add they look strong today look as strong as her
Timothy Sackton: No, not as strong as her
Timothy Sackton: And the ones that don't have good equipment seem relatively weak, the one that has better equipment is
Timothy Sackton: Certainly not.
Timothy Sackton: Certainly not weak, not a pushover but probably not quite as strong as her
David Kong: And sorry when she's not
Eric Rosenbaum: When
David Kong: It said that she looked scared what she's scared of us because we killed the thing that she a bit in all of us.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make a make
Timothy Sackton: Insight check with advantage.
David Kong: Oh yeah all about insight.
David Kong: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Several twice and take the better one.
David Kong: Oh, yeah.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: She
Timothy Sackton: Said you get the sense that she
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, like when you approach when you all sort of came back and
Timothy Sackton: All in a group kind of
Timothy Sackton: Started heading in that direction she she kind of took a step back, like she wanted to keep her distance
David Kong: Look, this is my thought here. I'm not one here for violence, but I think we can. I think we can intimidate them and get past them and I can help make us a little bit more alarming than we might otherwise seem and I'm guessing some of you all. If we, we, you know,
David Kong: Have a minor show of strength, not necessarily even doing anything. I think we might be able to
David Kong: Convince them to let us past she saw literally she started, we did. Did that rubber. I mean, they've been scared that thing for a long time. They didn't want to fight us. I'm hoping
Eric Rosenbaum: Will
David Kong: Negotiate. But if that fails. I think we can get past them just
David Kong: I don't think they want to mix with us.
David Schwartz: I agree. Let's try to negotiate. I mean, we are guests in their home.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, let's do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We haven't planned in the backup plan.
David Kong: If they don't want to negotiate. We can get angry.
Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might
Eric Rosenbaum: Just put a little twist on our negotiation in the way that you're suggesting Kenza
Eric Rosenbaum: So we'll stroll back to
Eric Rosenbaum: Where the group is
David Schwartz: But there's a famous Russian military theorists who says, war is the continuation of politics by other means. So we'll start with politics.
David Kong: That's so
Happy
Eric Rosenbaum: This week seeker. Should I should be
Over there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's sort that out.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't mind giving it a shot. But if you feel like you have to
Eric Rosenbaum: Go for it, be my guest.
Coming on, you do have the next stage of politics ready
David Kong: Well, well, before we do that on. I'll just say, I mean,
David Kong: I can make us a little bit more imposing and fearful and a few ways. I don't know if any of you have some tricks and now that way as well or ways to they don't seem to like light very much, you
Eric Rosenbaum: Know, I could
Eric Rosenbaum: Launch a bardic inspiration, a floating orbiting renick glow around anybody's head that I wish to
David Kong: I think if we can show a little display.
David Kong: Of light magic, a little bit of fury and anger that that we've done something we've done something for them by removing this thing and yes safe passage, but we want to go forward. I think we're if we're firm winning negotiation feels I have bells. I think that might help us.
Kate Sackton: Those of you who don't speak rubbish. I plan to say you're going this way, we are willing to
Eric Rosenbaum: grant you a request.
David Kong: Good some sort of favor that we discuss with you. Well, make this straight forward passage
David Kong: Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: You might use the phrase small token.
Grace.
David Kong: Yeah, I think we can. I think you can be firm and say that we're happy to give you a small token, but we are moving forward for this. Yeah.
They'll be intimidating.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: And we all walked up to
Timothy Sackton: You. Yep. She is back. Back to talk
Timothy Sackton: Or back to leave.
Kate Sackton: To go where we intend to go, we are going to explore in this direction, but we could be persuaded to give you a small token of.
Good friendship or safe passage
Where we choose to go for as long as we choose to explore it.
Timothy Sackton: Again,
Timothy Sackton: What would you give us
Kate Sackton: Well, we've already granted you access the possibility of access to this pattern where the beast has been for so long.
Timothy Sackton: No treasure. There's
Timothy Sackton: Just
Timothy Sackton: No treasure.
Timothy Sackton: You tell us what you give us
The
Timothy Sackton: Treasure You bring us treasure.
Timothy Sackton: Bring us
David Kong: I poke seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's up,
David Kong: You want to give them the pearl
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I didn't want to get the pearl away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look at this thing. It's cool.
David Schwartz: Did you bring us treasure.
David Schwartz: Cut them in for 25% of whatever we find
Kate Sackton: If there's no treasure here, then there's no harm, and as exploring. We can give you a share of what we find.
Timothy Sackton: She looks quite happy at that you I'm
Timothy Sackton: Going to the mirror doors.
Timothy Sackton: The shiny doors that we cannot enter
Timothy Sackton: You go there. You tell us you bring us you bring us what's there.
Timothy Sackton: We will let you pass. Yes, definitely. Yes. Is that where you go. Why not say
Timothy Sackton: Oh, definitely the mirror doors.
Kate Sackton: All that is behind the mirror doors is not yours. We will not bring it to you all. You might have a small token of that treasure.
Timothy Sackton: A token perhaps makeup Persuasion check will say with advantage because you're all helping each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm like cracking my knuckles and occasionally flicking a finger out that magically appears to extend like a rope or tentacle or a foot or two and then snaps back
Timothy Sackton: Mm hmm. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: A token, perhaps, yes, we will come. We will watch it will see
David Kong: And at that point I I looked at her and I I take my quarter staff and I slam it down. And basically, when I
David Kong: See things happen when I slammed down the staff, there's like a mini earthquake, like right where the staff hits down and my eyes flash like red and then the both torches that that we're holding suddenly like clash like at the same time I slim it down.
David Kong: And then I point I'm looking at her, just like super threateningly and I point my staff and I said, and I just I just I just point like we're going this way.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say, can I use green flame blade to just not actually attack, but just make my weapon crackle with green flame.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, um,
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'll make a sword appear in my hand out of nowhere.
Timothy Sackton: Make a
Mike Sackton: And then I'll make it
Mike Sackton: Practical of green flame.
Timothy Sackton: Make an intimidation check, but also with advantage.
David Kong: For us, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now. Now friends, I think these folks mean us no harm their themselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: As far as we know.
Timothy Sackton: I'm fingers.
Timothy Sackton: As as
Timothy Sackton: As the two of you. I mean, she's been sort of talking to Richmond and looks excited about the prospect of treasure. And then as you as you do this, she like takes four steps back. And it's just like
Timothy Sackton: Go, go, but we will watch and then she's like fading back. We will watch and you will bring us something. Yes. Or maybe you will not find the exit so easy to find again.
Timothy Sackton: But go and she sort of spits in your direction. And she says, I'm now muttering sort of under her breath.
Timothy Sackton: As I'm reading a come
Timothy Sackton: Maybe, maybe they'll eat your brains and toss your bodies to the blind ones.
Timothy Sackton: She sort of backs away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well that went well.
David Schwartz: As well because
David Schwartz: He just kind of dislike it.
Timothy Sackton: She likes gets it, you
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh dear.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: As you move past
Timothy Sackton: Sort of into this
Timothy Sackton: Into this hallway. You're now sort of back. She's sort of retreating back towards the
Timothy Sackton: Does
Timothy Sackton: The her sort of
Timothy Sackton: Layer her throne, whatever. Right. So remember, you came into this sort of platform. There were the pools of water passageways running along the sides.
Timothy Sackton: And she's kind of retreating back now along that quarter and you can had North
Timothy Sackton: leading towards
Timothy Sackton: What raise when you can see in the distance is kind of a little bit of an open area at the far north end of this tavern, or you can head south.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So it seems like you can sort of go straight north or south at this point.
Timothy Sackton: They're still watching you and sort of faded in the distance, but they're kind of still watching you and pissing
Timothy Sackton: tho tho those ones. The other ones are sort of huddled around the sides of the pools. I just kind of turned looking kind of at looking around blankly sort of noticing you but definitely not interested in getting involved.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: Between reason
Kate Sackton: I was intending to head north the passages, clearly you have
Kate Sackton: Shifted somewhat from my grandfather's time or his memory or my great uncle time or is a
Memory was
Not suited for mapmaking
Mike Sackton: Is my impression that we need to go. You're from the north branch.
Now merged.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anybody catch by the way that the blind ones lifeless bodies. What was that about,
Kate Sackton: Possibly her neighbors.
Mike Sackton: And the mirror doors.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will find out
Kate Sackton: I suspect that there's a
Fortress.
Doors.
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally,
Timothy Sackton: So you're heading north
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you had North
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: You sort of come, sort of, you're making your way along the edge of this of this large cavern.
Timothy Sackton: Looking down at this sort of pool.
Timothy Sackton: Which has clearly drained down from the level, it used to be. And again, there's a few of these creatures kind of
Timothy Sackton: Kind of huddled around the sides of this pool and you know every now and then want to look at you and kind of look away and a few of them turn in like kiss or kind of spit in your direction, but they don't seem
Timothy Sackton: Inclined to attack or to move in your direction without certainly without their leaders support. I'm at the at the far end of the cavern, you sort of the space opens up a little bit into a
Timothy Sackton: Into a maybe a
Timothy Sackton: 20 by 20 sort of CIRCULAR RUN IN THE MIDDLE OF WHICH IS A
Timothy Sackton: There's a statue that sort of standing there have a dwarf piled around the side of the statue is like trash and rallies and sort of
Timothy Sackton: Very bad smell and stuff that's been
Timothy Sackton: String around and
Timothy Sackton: Let's see, well be you here as you as you enter the sort of circular room.
Timothy Sackton: Some footsteps kind of fading away to the north.
Timothy Sackton: There's also there's
Timothy Sackton: Three exits from this room, one that leads northwest one that reads North
Timothy Sackton: East and one that
Leads
Timothy Sackton: Se, the one southeast seems to be sloping down the one northeast seems to be sloping up the one to the northwest is on the level
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this a carbon statue or a
Eric Rosenbaum: Strategy that you
Timothy Sackton: Know it's a stone. It's clearly it's whether it's
It's
Timothy Sackton: This was probably at one point, like a central passage way or something. It's kind of a decoration in a public plaza is kind of the feeling you get
Eric Rosenbaum: Who does it depict going to tell anything more about the person
Timothy Sackton: Drop a dwarf. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That's it's a dwarf. It looks a little like rez, when I mean, not like her, but family resemblance
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, interesting.
David Kong: Where we go further Ruslan you i i had a strange, strange, strange almost vision or memory when we first entered this cavern of a
David Kong: Small creatures, but that they were they were led by something they were led by a by a creature
David Kong: Tall tall.
David Kong: Tall, Human. Human like creature that the tentacles from its mouth.
David Kong: You know such creatures living here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Word.
I mean that could fall in the category of monsters that
One comes across when when is on these hurts adventures, but otherwise to never heard of except in childhood stories.
Kate Sackton: Not like
Kate Sackton: Oh yeah, that's what killed my mom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenza, you said that
Eric Rosenbaum: To do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good. Good to hear these these worth like creatures. You're saying they triggered the vision.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you
Eric Rosenbaum: When did you see this thing that you're saying so.
David Kong: Early EARLIER. EARLIER IN THE Catherine item memory that wasn't mine but I
David Kong: I worried that these
David Kong: I don't know if it's this cover and or another Catherine, but there's they're connected somehow these these creatures and this on Tim, we would we call it mind flares out like a common thing like we would actually know what they are.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you'd have heard legends and rumors of those. Yeah.
David Kong: Yeah. Yeah. But I think, I think these have some relation to mind players, these, these creatures.
David Kong: And she spoke about earlier. Just now, didn't she didn't she not she said something about something that would
Timothy Sackton: Eat your brains.
David Kong: That would eat our brains. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's an important detail. Yeah. You don't want
Eric Rosenbaum: You only have your brain.
David Kong: Creatures and eat strong psychic magic, these, these creatures.
David Kong: I don't know if there's one here, but we should be very careful.
David Kong: Many of you encounter one of these before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shouldn't the guy have
Timothy Sackton: Know what
Mike Sackton: Would I have it back in the war.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: A pretty big on the
Mike Sackton: Enemy so
Timothy Sackton: Were they were big they were. But they
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you might have. You might have encountered one you might have seen you might have fought in a battalion against one leading a troop of pop goblins or something.
Timothy Sackton: Right, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenza does, it does that suggest to you that one such creatures living down in the vault.
David Kong: I don't know I don't know I I just know that they're related. I know that these creatures are somehow related to mind flares and based on what our friend just said, um,
David Kong: You should just be very careful where as we as we had, as we had farther down
David Kong: I still think we should search. I mean, that's why we're here, we need to we need, we should we need to investigate, but
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong: But to use a plan. We should be mindful.
David Schwartz: We should be open minded.
David Schwartz: But
David Schwartz: Not so open minded. A lot of our heads.
David Kong: And actually, I think.
David Kong: I think we should be closed minded.
Timothy Sackton: So,
David Kong: You should be mindful and close minded.
Timothy Sackton: So which way are you going
Mike Sackton: Down. Right.
So,
Eric Rosenbaum: I think
Mike Sackton: That seems like the best.
Kate Sackton: Probably that's true treasure possibly
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you
Timothy Sackton: Had down the list. So you had down this passage way which
Timothy Sackton: Slopes relatively steeply down and seems like it's angling
Timothy Sackton: Based on at least a dwarf certainly Rizwan has very good direction sense underground you you're going underneath the market now sort of sloping down steeply
Timothy Sackton: And then it passageway continues for a little while. Maybe hundred hundred 50 feet or so mean this big market Calvin was pretty big, but you get the sense that you're
Timothy Sackton: You know you're sort of traveling underneath it across to the other side of it.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: As you come out.
Timothy Sackton: After a short just, I mean a short distance. After, after you imagine you've passed underneath.
Timothy Sackton: The market.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: Sure, if I sent you a message if you saw
Timothy Sackton: You you come out into a
Timothy Sackton: Smart what looks like a small spare room.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 15 feet deep and maybe twice it about twice as wide.
Timothy Sackton: In front facing the most obvious thing facing you, as you look into the room are three enormous circular brass doors incredibly highly polished like reflective sheen no apparent handles are opening or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: on either corner.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of to the left and the right. As you enter the wrong or two statues nondescript urban statues and heavy armor, each holding a War Hammer a loft, sort of like this. There they seem almost purposely nondescript like or not, the facial features are sort of ill defined and not particularly
Timothy Sackton: Like they weren't designed to represent a real person.
Timothy Sackton: There, there's sort of a narrow divider across the room, maybe three like a three foot high wall.
Timothy Sackton: Small opening like where perhaps once a table or something stood
Timothy Sackton: Otherwise, the room is seems empty and quiet.
Kate Sackton: There's like a wall down the middle of the room.
Timothy Sackton: It's only like two or three feet tall like like almost a divider like there was once something extending up from it. That's now gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's dividing the front from the back or. Besides, it's different from the
Timothy Sackton: Front from the back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I tell from any of the architectural details what might have been there before.
Timothy Sackton: Ah Mecca investigation jack
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, this was, you know, poking around a little bit and sort of using your architectural background and and sort of thinking about a
Timothy Sackton: Little bit, this was this was probably at one point.
Timothy Sackton: Like, there were like metal or iron sort of bars coming up right so you see like maybe what in bars, there's there's like little holes in this wall or something. Could have been sat extending up to the ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: And then where the entryway is there's sort of there's like a few spots that are worn along the side like where maybe a hinge was attached
Timothy Sackton: To there was like sort of a gate or something that swung open and closed.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's that sort of on one side of the room. There's a statues and there's this and then on the other side of the room. There's the three polished metal circular doors.
Kate Sackton: And the statues are near the door on the
Timothy Sackton: Opposite side of the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this statue is being kind of faceless
Eric Rosenbaum: Does that suggest any style or function to me.
David Schwartz: So unexpectedly, just as we step into the room.
David Schwartz: Without any warning whatsoever torching hand, I will, on one foot, and start sprinting back the way we came and just say behind someone's following us and just take off down the hall back the direction we came
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, will follow.
David Schwartz: And it's invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
So,
David Schwartz: I'll say
David Schwartz: A look. Whoever you are, wherever you are. It's we should just talk. Now, we don't want to go through this whole process. We don't want to like find you and track you like. Let's just have the conversation.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, Dr.
David Schwartz: And then I hold up a hand for everybody behind me to stop and just focus on like listening intently, as I can.
Timothy Sackton: And wait, does everybody else running there.
Timothy Sackton: I'm following. Okay. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Here, sort of,
Timothy Sackton: Moderate under your breath and broken blemish and then footsteps backing up
David Schwartz: All right. Look, I know you want to see, but just give us a minute first
David Schwartz: I'll sort of give away and then head back down again.
Timothy Sackton: That the first step, sort of retreat.
Timothy Sackton: And there's like you still here sort of monitoring and do breath under some breath. It's
David Schwartz: It's them.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're
Eric Rosenbaum: They're actually invisible.
David Schwartz: Just one.
Timothy Sackton: There's one invisible creature
Timothy Sackton: Lurking in the hallway about 5060 feedback.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're very curious on these ones.
Kate Sackton: That seems to jive with the be
Strong and magical
Mike Sackton: Way. This is the same as I mean this is this her
David Kong: Recognize the voice.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's probably
Eric Rosenbaum: Well anyways, they're interesting anything interesting about the geology of the room.
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: I mean the doors are interesting. They're highly polished circles of brass
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, they're not something you
Timothy Sackton: Find every day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does that suggest anything to me is that like a marker of a particular type of
Eric Rosenbaum: Architectural use case.
Eric Rosenbaum: Style era.
Timothy Sackton: trap doors.
David Kong: The doors but haven't actually gotten past that. Oh yeah, I know how to pick locks and stuff. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well be presumably
Eric Rosenbaum: That's useful when there's a visible walk
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll poke at those doors, a little bit.
Kate Sackton: I'm just saying we shouldn't all walk on the floor between the place where there used to be a wall bars and three doors that are obvious.
Because if there's some sort of booby traps or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess, while you're saying that I take a step over the wall and saying, like, what
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um, which door. Are you heading for seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: The center one
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody else doing anything.
Kate Sackton: Close more closely and statues and see if they seem to have any
Timothy Sackton: Mechanisms or okay
David Schwartz: I want to do a pretty thorough check for traps, like the statues gonna like
David Schwartz: Punch us or
David Schwartz: Something coming out of the doors or pressure plates on the floor just a really deep investigation of the room.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Down within Kinzer. Do you want do anything.
David Kong: I'm going to
David Kong: Try to hone in on wherever she is
Timothy Sackton: Right back down the quarter.
David Kong: It's just you to see about the quarter view. She's like, not in the room anymore.
Timothy Sackton: She never was in the room while be like turned around and sprinted out of the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And like caught her, but she was visible. So she's sort of y'all done
David Kong: Right, right.
ran back
David Kong: Yeah, I'm good, I'm good. I'm just gonna, you know, I'm gonna I'm gonna
David Kong: Just be mindful.
David Kong: Because you're in a moment of meditation in this room and just kind of put my senses out to anything that may may be in the room, any danger.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
David Kong: Going to do like amplified perception, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Really, really though cannot. So let's see, well be investigation.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Actually just everybody give me an investigation check everybody
LLB
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Okay Eric, I sent you a message. Um, so the statues. Let's see, so
Timothy Sackton: Robbie's looking for traps so well. But you you spend a while kind of poking around and
Timothy Sackton: You can't find any sort of least mechanisms anywhere you the floor is sort of smooth the statues.
Timothy Sackton: The statues seem sort of just sort of planes. Don't statues. Nothing on them nothing sort of around them or anything. Nothing that moves or wiggles. Um, it's a pretty thorough check and you feel pretty confident that there's no surprises waiting for you in this room.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm look i'm looking from the door to one of the statues and back repeatedly
Eric Rosenbaum: It looks like.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: The reflection of one of the
Eric Rosenbaum: Statues has a has a necklace on but the statue doesn't have a
Eric Rosenbaum: Necklace on
Eric Rosenbaum: If you know what I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's just one of the two
Are both
Eric Rosenbaum: Both statutes. Okay.
David Schwartz: What is the necklace look like
Eric Rosenbaum: A little probably a little hard to investigate. I get my face up close to the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's like having a hard time getting a clear look at it, you just are sort of noticing something hanging nothing so that clicks in your mind about what it is.
Timothy Sackton: But
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, only in the center door is asking
Timothy Sackton: Are you going to go look at a different door.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll try the right hinder
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Same thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm. OK, so now that I'm at the right hand or I'm going to like try to keep the line of sight between the two. The statute in the surface and like step back and try to reach up to where the necklaces on the statue.
Timothy Sackton: Make a
Timothy Sackton: acrobatics jack
Mike Sackton: Can
Mike Sackton: Can we just use me chance
Eric Rosenbaum: To it. I did great.
Timothy Sackton: Everything on you.
Timothy Sackton: You're sort of stepping back and
Timothy Sackton: Realized as you're walking backwards towards the statues, staring at the door that
Timothy Sackton: There's a
Timothy Sackton: Wall there.
Timothy Sackton: But managed to avoid
Timothy Sackton: Tripping and kind of just step over it just at the last minute and get to the statue and you're just kind of feeling around, there's definitely something dangling on snack.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can feel it in my hand. Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting.
Mike Sackton: So does this only show up in the door. Are we working in an actual like of him and
Timothy Sackton: You don't see anything anywhere on the statues.
Mike Sackton: What do you, what is secret working through it just at the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: The door is like reflective. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The door. What about yours.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just meet as a mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: A regular
Timothy Sackton: Regular regular mirror
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you don't see anything.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody else approaching the doors.
Kate Sackton: Do I see this as I look in the section of the doors.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Now with he looks in their section of the doors.
Timothy Sackton: Are you looking in there.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the doors. Nope.
Mike Sackton: I used to be a dwarf.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
David Kong: I look into the reflection of the doors.
David Schwartz: To do.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing but just the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: And meanwhile, I'm sort of feeling around this necklace my fingertips.
Timothy Sackton: To try. It's just like a key.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting. It feels like a key. But there's no visible keyhole. Is there no
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: If I were to just casually. I'm not doing this but I'm describing what I might do pull it over the head of the statue. That's when the statute comes to life and kills us
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, the other statue.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to
Kate Sackton: Try this on the other side.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the same thing you you're now after having watched seeker almost tripped over the wall, you're well aware of
Eric Rosenbaum: It and
Timothy Sackton: Carefully like negotiate navigate around the wall while still keeping your eye at the door and you also feel like key around the other statue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could, if we so choose. Take the necklace off of the head.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pick it up and over.
Kate Sackton: Perhaps do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Synchronized way to maximize the danger.
Kate Sackton: Perhaps Nikki.
Eric Rosenbaum: And why are there two keys and three doors and are those in fact doors. They look like mirror
Kate Sackton: Are holding the keys would be different. What if we like I was really touching
Eric Rosenbaum: I imagine so. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I assume so.
Eric Rosenbaum: It hasn't changed your perception and the doors.
Know,
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's give it a try. Let's as you suggest, lift them up together.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as you lift these necklaces off the statues, I'm ready. When you see a small hole open in the door directly in front of you on the left side of the room and secret. You see the same thing on the right side of the room. The middle door does not change.
David Kong: The bird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Chicken.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
David Kong: But it a third statue.
Timothy Sackton: There's not a third statue.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you also see this as
Timothy Sackton: You've been watching this sort of
Timothy Sackton: Puzzled as they seem to be feeling around at something invisible on the next of the statues, but as soon as they lift them over the hands. You see, physical keys appear in the hand of secret and raise men and small openings appear on the left and the right, but not the center door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like keyhole.
Timothy Sackton: Like yours. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: We know or just do here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is when should we do that in synchrony as well.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you approach the
Timothy Sackton: The doors and begin to turn, I assume, put the key and then begin to turn it
Timothy Sackton: So as you as you sort of turn them both at the same time.
Timothy Sackton: Two doors on the side begin to sort of almost pulse with light now casting light. So the rest of you can see the room illuminated and just sort of keep turning them and
Timothy Sackton: Keep turning them like
Timothy Sackton: Thinking you would see a
Timothy Sackton: Click or something like that. And once you get 360 degrees, all the way around. They do sort of click into place and this sort of light now.
Timothy Sackton: Is
Timothy Sackton: Brightening the entire room and you can see, you know, the just the fine detail of everything as this sort of glowing light is just overwhelming everything and then
Timothy Sackton: Almost as if it's passing through some channel in the stone two beams of light connect from the two side doors meeting in the middle of the center door which then splits a crack down the middle and begins to swing, swing open
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: Side didn't move, they just created a beam of light.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: We don't have three choices and where to go. There's just one opening
Eric Rosenbaum: Correct someday when I retire and build my own fortress in the mountains.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a nice system. I like the elegance. The symmetry.
David Kong: I hate caves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will be out of here soon enough Kinzer
Eric Rosenbaum: Would, would we see through the door.
Timothy Sackton: It's a passageway that leads sloping down into the darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shelley.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: This
Eric Rosenbaum: Is when
David Schwartz: The rear of the order and just keep a careful Europe for her personal company. Yes.
David Kong: Yeah, I'm in front of while the I have. I've got the light as well. Me and I can't see.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: So as you come down this quarter. First of all, while we give me a perception.
Check.
David Kong: Perceptive
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you hear somebody like somebody definitely heading into this room, although
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't come into the room.
Timothy Sackton: And like you hear footsteps.
Timothy Sackton: And then sort of
Timothy Sackton: Noise and then
Timothy Sackton: Silence
David Kong: I
Timothy Sackton: can almost imagine somebody throwing their
Timothy Sackton: Their arm in front of their eyes.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of turning their back.
To bright
David Kong: I should I, should I, should I keep guard at the at the Dory.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might need your help with whatever we find
David Schwartz: Yeah yeah
David Schwartz: I think we should sit together. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So coming down the short quarter maybe 60 foot quarter.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess not. That short I'm
Timothy Sackton: Going down
Timothy Sackton: You see ahead of you. A large rum slightly bigger than the one you are just in maybe 4050 feet wide and about half as long as
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: Quiet and silent and everything is coated in a layer of dust against the left hand wall in front of an empty shelf.
Timothy Sackton: You can see the skeletal bodies of five dwarves. That way here for are laid out, as if asleep sort of laid carefully. Listen carefully on the ground and slightly corroded or armor and each with a Warhammer and shield in their hands.
Timothy Sackton: The fifth is slumped against the wall, sort of tilted haphazardly against their shield holding a Warhammer. Again, this one in shockingly good condition. An extra the runes around that both of the ends of the hammer
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Dos plastic everywhere, which seems to have stood undisturbed for many years.
Timothy Sackton: at the feet of the dwarves a
Timothy Sackton: Elaborate shield sets.
Picture.
Timothy Sackton: Put this
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I should have done this dance.
David Kong: Nobody scared that the doors are going to get close behind us when we chop your forever.
David Kong: Like you know it's like scared of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just thinking about the fact that we did a one shot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where we were all fifth level we fought one mind flare.
David Kong: That's what I'm fucking saying
Eric Rosenbaum: And we almost died.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that correct,
Mike Sackton: Yep. That is correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Timothy Sackton: I'll get back to the shield in a minute. I'm just
Eric Rosenbaum: uploaded to the mind player was like significantly reduced in its capacity by the time we got to it.
Timothy Sackton: Now, you actually fought to mind flyers why
Timothy Sackton: was badly wounded.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Kate Sackton: I'm
Kate Sackton: Like an open door thing. This is a place that hasn't been
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: For a long time.
Timothy Sackton: So here's the shields, you should have popped up.
Eric Rosenbaum: In real training. Now we haven't seen any mind flyer yet.
Mike Sackton: I'm nothing appeared in 20
Mike Sackton: Oh, there we go. Now it is
Timothy Sackton: Against the firewall.
Timothy Sackton: To large iron doors. Dan shot in front of the doors. There's the dead body of some sort of humanoid creature, but definitely not a human.
Timothy Sackton: Somewhat taller than a normal human maybe seven or eight feet tall with an elongated almost cone like head with claws instead of hands with large sharp fingers and a gaping hole where the mouse should be the skull smashed open
Timothy Sackton: And then the middle of the room piles of dry and crumbling would seem to hint at the remains of shelving or storage.
Timothy Sackton: Something like that at one point whether time or violence or something else destroy that it's not entirely clear on the right hand wall at large stone chest and six are open and empty the other two are shot.
David Kong: Tim was it, was there a role play enough
Timothy Sackton: It's not enough. It's a pain.
Mike Sackton: In the window. Yeah.
David Schwartz: Then what the newspaper.
Eric Rosenbaum: Newspaper. Oh, okay. I didn't
David Kong: Whoa, what the heck off of all of
Kate Sackton: This what I came here for we cannot barter with this cannot give a token of
My family's
Kate Sackton: most precious relic me have been fearful that others would reach it before us and sell it off.
As has been happening with other fish.
Treasures
Kate Sackton: Its, its power is not for battle, but for our history. It tells the stories of our ancestors.
David Kong: Were really really found this way.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Kate Sackton: Our until I can bring it home to my people.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I, I, I'm hoping. What we're seeing here also indicates that the blind ones days of eating your brain has come to an end.
Look like one of
My people
Eric Rosenbaum: So there any signs in the dust anywhere of movement.
Timothy Sackton: That's now this is a this room has been sealed for
Timothy Sackton: Hundreds of years.
Timothy Sackton: It's like
Timothy Sackton: A thick layer over everything. The only thing that doesn't seem to be
Timothy Sackton: Are you know just old is the shield itself.
Timothy Sackton: One of the Warhammer is the one covered it rains and obviously you don't know what's in the chests.
Eric Rosenbaum: And when I look at the runes on the Warhammer.
David Schwartz: Take a look at the chest.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so the
Timothy Sackton: Rooms on the Warhammer are
Timothy Sackton: It seems like each side is actually in a with sort of a different pattern and these rooms are not the sort of normal rooms of heaven language, they are
Timothy Sackton: They have much in common with
Timothy Sackton: The rooms that use that you study and the rooms that you
Timothy Sackton: Have been trying to learn and get more insight into
Timothy Sackton: Studying your
Timothy Sackton: Your book and kind of the knowledge that you've gathered about the world. And as you kind of
Timothy Sackton: Curate them. There's several actually making our kind of check
Mike Sackton: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Wow, so
Well,
Timothy Sackton: You're you you sit for a moment and sort of think about these and you actually find yourself.
Timothy Sackton: Making Connections and starting to recognize
Timothy Sackton: Some of these rooms so so one one room on on one side, there's a series of rooms that seem to be connected with
Timothy Sackton: Symbols and powers that you use to create
Timothy Sackton: A wave of thunder to cast the thunder a spell. It's not the same, but it seems to be
Eric Rosenbaum: connected in some way with
Timothy Sackton: With this kind of the symbols and the rooms that are used to generate
Timothy Sackton: This kind of force, the sort of
Timothy Sackton: thunderous energy stored into this
Timothy Sackton: This word or on the other side.
Timothy Sackton: Is not is not anything you are directly familiar with.
Timothy Sackton: You you sent residences with your
Timothy Sackton: Your room of the sort of innate ruin that you learned
Timothy Sackton: As a younger dwarf of molding earth but but resonating in a way sort of
Timothy Sackton: Echoes sort of layers built a top that may be more
Timothy Sackton: Concerned with mining or with with stone itself.
Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a powerful hammer
Timothy Sackton: The chests so
Timothy Sackton: The two their large stone chests.
Timothy Sackton: The six that are empty, empty for a long time. The two that are closed are locked
David Kong: All the men want to keep an eye out for our friend.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
David Kong: We'll keep an eye out to
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Schwartz: Let's, let's, unlock them.
Timothy Sackton: You want to try and pick them.
David Schwartz: Yeah, okay.
Timothy Sackton: So make a decks check and add your proficiency bonus
David Schwartz: Oh, look over at the two words first then be like
David Schwartz: Okay if I
David Schwartz: Open these. I don't want to like desecrate someone's grades or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're
Kate Sackton: Seeking for treasure and abandoned things I have found all my family.
Secrets. He was pretty excited with
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I was wondering about the appropriateness of taking this hammer away from the body.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a cultural taboo on that kind of thing.
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: No, no, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: There's a way. You mean you could like the for that. So there's looks like four of them were actually made out
Timothy Sackton: As if, sort of, I mean obviously these whenever buried in the most culturally appropriate thing to do would be to sort of more formally lay them to rest but
Timothy Sackton: Generally speaking, it wouldn't be
Timothy Sackton: There's not like a tradition of, you know, burying you with your weapons or something as much more of a tradition adore oven tradition of, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Things accumulate in families. Right. And so things get down through your clan and there's sort of relics and this sort of history behind things everything a lot of a lot of sort of Durban.
Timothy Sackton: Possessions and our, our, sort of ancient artifacts that have
Timothy Sackton: Accumulated to the family right and so
Timothy Sackton: It wouldn't be
Timothy Sackton: It wouldn't be seen in sort of taboo. I mean, if you could get these things back to the family of these people, which probably is abroad and I was given the shield that would be seen in sort of
Timothy Sackton: Right so resin pretty much sort of could give this stuff away right
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I'll
Eric Rosenbaum: Gently and respectfully lift the hammer and
Timothy Sackton: That's right.
I mean,
David Kong: You got to use one of those secrets.
Eric Rosenbaum: To I actually, that's interesting. It's not exactly masonry skill, but I have
Timothy Sackton: Now you do know how to use for hammers.
Eric Rosenbaum: I trained as a young dwarf.
Eric Rosenbaum: You with something like one of these, but this has very special powers.
David Kong: Like why
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just at the edge of my abilities in the room. Nick magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it might be able to make
Eric Rosenbaum: Powerful cuts in stone and explosions. I'm not sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's try some stuff with it and find out.
David Kong: If we
Can tell me more about it.
David Kong: Yeah. Let's uh, let's do we have to do and get out of this room. I don't like it here.
David Kong: And you know in mind, let's get at
David Kong: Get the hell out of this cave soon to began
David Schwartz: Right, here's the first
David Schwartz: Blocks plus proficiency.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Huge sort of just managed to do some not the, you know, the main defense. The main sort of tired of this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Festival.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not the locks on these chests. It's that
Timothy Sackton: Door that requires two doors to open so you just managed to
Timothy Sackton: Fit. Although the first one open
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: So there are in this chest
Timothy Sackton: six bottles.
Timothy Sackton: Of liquid all sealed and marked with bourbon ruins.
Timothy Sackton: Three of them have a ruin that says life on it to have a ring that indicates strength and one has a ring that indicates health
Eric Rosenbaum: And what those do
David Kong: Maybe what's written on them senior
Eric Rosenbaum: Life and Health
David Kong: Maybe, maybe this one.
David Kong: After we passed in Venice back, I don't know, maybe
Wow help that one of your friends help you
Kate Sackton: Bring back your life.
Hmm.
David Schwartz: Here's the second law just
Timothy Sackton: One.
Timothy Sackton: You cannot figure out this mechanism that seems to be
Timothy Sackton: It seems to be a little trickier than the other one.
David Kong: And I thought I could pick locks in my people.
David Kong: I'm like, I've been looking at all my skills, it's not
Timothy Sackton: It's it's these tools. It's under tools, not skills.
David Kong: Okay. Can I try that.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have a really big hammer. Also, in case
Timothy Sackton: DAX jack and then I
Timothy Sackton: Had to
David Schwartz: Enter clockwise
Eric Rosenbaum: Tea Lucy.
Timothy Sackton: While the minute or Kenza manages to figure this one out. Open it there.
Are
Timothy Sackton: A number of silver and gold trade bars. So there's 14
Timothy Sackton: relatively heavy like a couple pound bars of silver that are stamped with the brawn it anvil craft and then for smaller bars of gold also stamped with the blood of Christ.
David Kong: Well may come in use come in handy when we get back to civilization.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or do they belong.
Eric Rosenbaum: To visit family.
Timothy Sackton: Oh and also in that side are two. I'm sorry. In the other chest, not in this just there's also two small crystal globes
Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: What are those for
Kate Sackton: I'll take a look at them or not and
Eric Rosenbaum: The last thing we might consider doing is is carefully poking around the corpse of the mind player.
Eric Rosenbaum: And those shelves, I suppose, as well. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: There's an iron door to another place right
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep. Oh, I missed that.
Kate Sackton: Person who had the Warhammer successfully prevented from going that way like against the iron door.
Timothy Sackton: No, it actually almost looks like the
Timothy Sackton: So sort of looking around, it seems like the scene was
Timothy Sackton: There's no, there's sort of slumped against this the wall opposite the chest, but it's more like
Timothy Sackton: There was some battle here and
Timothy Sackton: Four.
Timothy Sackton: Doors were killed and one was mortally wounded. The mortally wounded one sort of just managed to kind of lay the dead went to rest before like killing over dying themselves.
Wow.
Timothy Sackton: But not necessarily protecting the
Timothy Sackton: Doors.
Kate Sackton: Just got trapped in the fall in mind player.
They could
David Schwartz: Investigate show since
It's really yeah
Timothy Sackton: It's not. I mean, there's not
Timothy Sackton: It's just sort of crumbled bits of wood. At this point, I mean in the dry air. Most of the word has just kind of turned to dust at this point.
Timothy Sackton: There's nothing really to find in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: With those have been original to the room.
Timothy Sackton: Like yeah, probably.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, probably, presumably, something's got destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: In some sort of combat as well. So violence contributed
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any apparent like damage to the skeleton of the mind flare. Was it
Timothy Sackton: We tell scholars Pashtun
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you did say that yes
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps with that this spectacular hammer
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps, is there a lock on this iron door.
Timothy Sackton: The door is shot but whatever locking mechanism there is seems to have been destroyed.
Eric Rosenbaum: In such a way that it could be pushed her pulled open
Yes.
Kate Sackton: We should have gathered up the stuff
David Kong: Over isn't you with you if you'd like us to gather it.
Kate Sackton: I will say that you know these things could be of use to us, and we should
Carry them so they can be safely. Safely used I
Am not, you know, claiming all of this for the brawn anvils because this has been a collective journey.
Kate Sackton: I can carry all the heavy
Weight
Timothy Sackton: In fact, you are probably the only line you can carry
Timothy Sackton: Eight strength.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, except
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have a
David Kong: Special class.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, we need to tell us
Timothy Sackton: What that spot was designed for
Eric Rosenbaum: Gigantic quantities of treasure.
Timothy Sackton: Looting dungeons.
Kate Sackton: You have a you have a capacity as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, more of a magic trick. And I hold up a coin. If I flip this out into the air, it becomes a floating circular platform that follows us around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed, I did use it briefly in the middle of the night. The other night.
Or tasty.
Eric Rosenbaum: No. No, that one was, um,
Timothy Sackton: I one wasn't tasty. That was
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't give it a name. I remember
David Kong: I thought was tasty and
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah that's right and you're
Eric Rosenbaum: No, you're right. Yes, exactly.
David Kong: That's what I'm saying it was tasty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tasty and
David Kong: One that you put on the thing and they ate it. And it actually like distracted them like
David Kong: Tasty, tasty solvents purpose.
Yep.
So remembered
Eric Rosenbaum: And we might consider a time for our
Eric Rosenbaum: Dwarf like friends also from in perhaps among the gold bars.
David Kong: I think i think that's that will appease them and
I think silver. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We offer her silver bar and she's
Great.
Kate Sackton: I know I didn't know what
Kate Sackton: Was
Timothy Sackton: Watched, by the way.
Kate Sackton: You might
Timothy Sackton: Well, while he has been taking our makeup reception.
Mike Sackton: 17
Timothy Sackton: So what are you doing
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I'm curious about this iron door.
David Kong: I'm still looking around for the invisible worst thing I do present himself to reception.
David Kong: Well, hopefully, Dallas are
Kate Sackton: On the floor.
Kate Sackton: Additional
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, that's a good place to watch
Timothy Sackton: Right.
David Kong: If you're really quiet, by the way.
David Kong: I don't know if there's a way to bump your
David Kong: Yeah. Is there any results that's having a hard time hearing you a little bit slow.
Kate Sackton: wisely. Okay.
Kate Sackton: I'm just project.
David Kong: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Technology
Eric Rosenbaum: That works.
Timothy Sackton: With and cans are still sort of keeping an eye out.
Timothy Sackton: While he's now finished packing the locks and could also keep an eye, are you
Timothy Sackton: Is anybody investigating the doors.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm standing by the iron door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Resume, would you like to do the honors.
Kate Sackton: Thing opener. Pull it up in whichever way it goes.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: swings open towards you. I guess swings open this way.
Timothy Sackton: That says you're looking into what seems like a
Timothy Sackton: inner chamber, or some sort of
Timothy Sackton: Second,
Timothy Sackton: storage room slash fault.
Timothy Sackton: This room has been destroyed. There is
Timothy Sackton: Like one wall. There's like a crack running up the wall and a giant pile of rubble. I'm gonna see if there was a tunnel that came in here that was done caved in, but not native to the room like there's been a lot this whole room feels like it's been just completely turned over and destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: Novel everywhere like
Timothy Sackton: Things falling you know stone falling down. And again, there's sort of like a bit of a crack poking out from behind the level sort of often to the darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps that's how the blend flare gun.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or a swing and a miss with that. Great Hammer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Boom. Yeah.
David Kong: Research around. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Is there a did you already say this is there a way out of this room or now.
Timothy Sackton: Which room that you know room.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the robot.
Mike Sackton: The place with the rebel asked the iron door. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps at one point there was there's not any way out that was designed by dwarves.
Timothy Sackton: There maybe at one point was a crack in the wall that something could have come through, but it's not completely blocked by a cave, and you can just see like at the top of the wall like a sort of like a little triangular craft opening like that.
David Kong: Is the artist is the car. The treasure chests on Eric's are on seekers putting disparate now.
Eric Rosenbaum: We haven't deployed the
Timothy Sackton: Still
Timothy Sackton: Sitting in the
David Kong: Okay, I, I stand by all the stuff and just kind of keep an eye out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: I thought I had shipped all the metal bars in my pocket.
David Kong: Good. Okay, you
Timothy Sackton: Have to metal bars, but did anybody take them.
Timothy Sackton: Emotion bottles.
David Kong: Or the tooth crystal.
David Kong: Almost everything
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I've got this special hammer
David Kong: All right. We've got all this stuff and I i just i just i just had the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I'm
David Kong: Just totally paranoid about getting trapped in these rooms there to be seen from again that he's just yeah I'm just hanging out by the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: When a clam up in pure through that crack
Timothy Sackton: Carefully without disturbing anything so
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so you kind of poke around a little bit and it does seem like
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps there's a tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: Behind here, but it would take
Timothy Sackton: Hours to shift or more to shift the rubble.
David Kong: Unless
Eric Rosenbaum: Fair point. I could simply shift it with my mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: But to I want to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, what's this a tunnel to risk when
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you know any lore about the nature of this vault.
Eric Rosenbaum: This tunnel is not on the map. I don't think
Timothy Sackton: It's not a dwarf and tunnel. This is not something that was like constructed by people who
Are
Timothy Sackton: Skilled Smith's making nice tunnels through stone.
Mike Sackton: Presumably, this is where
Mike Sackton: They go ahead, Kate.
Mike Sackton: Because they presume that is where the mind flare came out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. That was my first thought.
Kate Sackton: Monster hunting or if we think that it might have some sort of connection to the other.
Kate Sackton: Place because monsters like to go back and forth mean all the purchases being monsters.
Kate Sackton: Are wondering if it can be a useful route that I don't think we're just monster, monster and things
Eric Rosenbaum: What cardinal direction is that tunnel head away and
Timothy Sackton: Sort of West
Wrong way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, West away from ravens hold. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Mean, there's no sighs anything's been here for many years.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, we'll leave it alone.
David Kong: How much effort, would you take to the movies.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean in a matter of seconds. I could clear enough away to take a step through and then I could later on, put it back. Goodnight.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Off.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can clear
Timothy Sackton: So you could clear like the little the top bit anyway. The at the bottom, it's pretty much boulders, not the stone. So that would be harder to clear but yeah you can clear
Timothy Sackton: You can clear it in five foot chunks so probably take you
Timothy Sackton: 20 seconds to clear enough to at least period.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, few insist out just
Eric Rosenbaum: To have a quick
David Kong: I mean, we don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bring to
David Kong: You know, we don't we don't know where we know something is not right here right in this area. We don't know exactly what we're looking for.
Eric Rosenbaum: And while we're here, anything we can learn
Eric Rosenbaum: Might be of use to us.
David Kong: I would say, let's take a
David Kong: Not much effort.
David Kong: I'll forget
David Kong: This iron door from closing shut and having us here forever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Appreciate it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll step back off the rubble pile concentrate for a moment with my hands in the air and glowing MIT forms around the rebel and I can gently just nudge it over to the side, just enough for me to
Eric Rosenbaum: Squeeze my upper body through
Timothy Sackton: So you see, you see a couple of things as you screens to one is that as you're shifting the rubble around
Timothy Sackton: Actually make a perception check
Eric Rosenbaum: Perception is good. I can perceive things without being harmed.
Timothy Sackton: You see that there are definitely signs of
Timothy Sackton: Of hammer blows on the sides of the walls.
Timothy Sackton: As you shift. So as you're shifting things around you can see that, like the edges of the walls. I've been. I've been smashed like with a hammer or some other large
Timothy Sackton: Heavy object.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can order to cave them in as they have been yeah
Timothy Sackton: Looking down, you see a tunnel that is
Timothy Sackton: heading off into the darkness beyond the range of your dark vision beyond the rubble.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems to be sloping down
Timothy Sackton: To the west.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's carved in a non Durban way.
Timothy Sackton: Um, it's almost not really it doesn't really look carved at all. It almost looks like a directed earthquake like something was like shaking the rock. It's like rubble along those lines gravel and loose stuff along the side
Eric Rosenbaum: What can do that.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing that you
Mike Sackton: should really go down the tunnel. The dwarves went to great effort to
Mike Sackton: Block block.
David Kong: Probably not. I was just kidding. You see anything. Get down there. It's just bad news.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm learning.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the store we imagine as far as that the mind flare traveled in to this vault. The tunnel and then the dwarf who killed that mind flare also closed off this tunnel. That's the inference. I'm making here.
Mike Sackton: Was there. I mean, did we see that the mind player was killed by the hammer
It.
Timothy Sackton: Was smashed.
So,
Eric Rosenbaum: seems likely
Player
Eric Rosenbaum: Something like some combination of
Eric Rosenbaum: Brain eating and brain smashing happened his
Eric Rosenbaum: But then
David Kong: This occurred, years ago, you have a sense of how long. Yeah, there's nothing
Eric Rosenbaum: The dust would suggest hundreds of years. Is that correct,
Timothy Sackton: I mean the room, the whole area like this is not like the tavern, right. This is not like the marketplace, but seemed like it was undisturbed for a little bit of time. This seems
Timothy Sackton: Just dad's still and silent like thick layer of dust like nothing had been in here for yeah hundreds of years.
Eric Rosenbaum: pre pre war.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it could have been, like, the time of the war right could have been. I mean two 300 years ago there was dwarves living here, right. Like, this one's great uncle was living here 300 years ago. So it wasn't bad.
Timothy Sackton: But it's around the time of the war, shortly before shortly after
Eric Rosenbaum: Where is there anything. Oh, just last thing on the floor of the
Eric Rosenbaum: Freaky tunnel is there dust or any other marketing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, there's like loose gravel and and and loose stone kind of code lining the floor. It's not like a smooth Hall, but it doesn't seem like anything's been disturbed recently.
Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anything weird about the geology before I go.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Make a nature check
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: There's, there's nothing
Timothy Sackton: Particularly weird about the geology. Other than that, it seems like
Timothy Sackton: Like this tunnel was kind of maybe following a weak point in the rock already. And if you just kind of
Timothy Sackton: triangulate a little bit. You kind of get the sense that
Timothy Sackton: This is sort of leaning in the direction where you previously had the sense of
Timothy Sackton: That are valuable stone.
Mike Sackton: Wait, the tunnel is leading towards the valuable stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I thought what I had sensed was where we are now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was I wrong.
Timothy Sackton: Too far east
David Kong: Wait reminder what's valuable stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, earlier I used to done since while we're in the marketplace.
Eric Rosenbaum: And 300 feet away. I sense the pool of something rare and strong.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I guess I just assumed that we found it, but
Timothy Sackton: You haven't found any stone here at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: Emerald and the hammer is not made of iron.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it's made of like steel. It's an it's a Warhammer right but it's not
Timothy Sackton: Your stone sense doesn't detect magic it detects
Valuable
Timothy Sackton: Texts white
Timothy Sackton: Stone or or potentially jams, or things like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so actually what I was sensing is probably
Eric Rosenbaum: Down there.
David Kong: So it should be good explore it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not 100% clear to me whether that's a good or a bad idea, but I'm interested in it.
David Kong: Like
David Schwartz: Slayer came through long, long time ago.
David Kong: Yes.
David Schwartz: It's unlikely. There's another meitzler waiting 100 feet down the down the hall.
Mike Sackton: If there's something
Mike Sackton: Down here.
David Kong: Let's go. Let's like I hate this fucking K. But let's go with
Eric Rosenbaum: The one thing I want to point out is that our dwarf squatter friends somehow know about mind flares and they, as far as we know, arrived. More recently,
David Kong: That's true. I
Eric Rosenbaum: Just wanted to point that out in case that's relevant.
David Kong: Is there any way to get it can any one of us like sense further down down this tunnel without actually traveling there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will just send taster down we
David Kong: Were case, there
Kate Sackton: I'm the rocks.
Mike Sackton: I could scout invisibly
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure, yeah, it sounds great.
Or somebody else.
David Schwartz: Is good play
Very supportive budge.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, well, we can't really stout invisibly because
Mike Sackton: Fine, I'll cast visibility.
Mike Sackton: And go scope down the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: I finally you want to go.
Mike Sackton: How far is the is the
Mike Sackton: How far was down was the
Mike Sackton: The gem that valuable stone.
Mike Sackton: Supposedly
Kate Sackton: Not miles. Right. It's just like
Mike Sackton: Oh, couple hundred feet to start
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That's out of the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: As you begin to scale down the tunnel. It's sloping down rather steeply
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: twists and turns a little bit and then you come, maybe 100 maybe 200 feet down
Timothy Sackton: It's still just a straight
Timothy Sackton: Tunnel at this point.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of slipping and occasionally, you know, twisting or or I'm
Timothy Sackton: Kind of jogging or jogging to to avoid you know
Timothy Sackton: Something
Timothy Sackton: Occasionally like little bits of rock or something you see some
Timothy Sackton: You know, little sort of traces of maybe mineral or something along the side of the wall, but nothing recognize
Timothy Sackton: Extending another now maybe 300 feet. You've probably gone down at this point, maybe 150 feet down like it's clearly sloping
Timothy Sackton: Down fairly steeply still
Timothy Sackton: Still quiet.
Timothy Sackton: What do you want to do.
Mike Sackton: No signs of any
Mike Sackton: All
Mike Sackton: Are there any signs of tracks or creatures passing through here.
Timothy Sackton: Make a perception check or survival, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: No sign of anything.
Timothy Sackton: Moving
Mike Sackton: I'll go another hundred feet.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, just
Timothy Sackton: Checking right now. Okay.
Kate Sackton: How long it's taking them.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I presume, you're Oh are you are you are you going stout. I mean, you're
Timothy Sackton: Going to go quietly. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So not moving too fast. So he's probably
Timothy Sackton: Taken five minutes at least
Timothy Sackton: He's been gone at least five minutes by now.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
David Kong: He's got that flaming sword, we would know if anything happened.
Kate Sackton: I was actually thinking about whether I had time to check out some of the magical stuff.
Kate Sackton: You can. We're just waiting around
Timothy Sackton: You can do one. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Check out this
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Cool. Um, another
Timothy Sackton: Hundred feet or so and you get the sense ahead of you. Not directly ahead of you. But there's like a fate almost a fate movement in the air and what has otherwise been
Timothy Sackton: Extremely still coming from ahead of you.
Mike Sackton: All right, I'll go another 50 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Another 50 feet. You can see now it's sort of the edge of your dark vision.
Timothy Sackton: Almost like a glint of
Timothy Sackton: Not silver, but something sort of some sort of metal.
Timothy Sackton: In what feels to
Timothy Sackton: You like a
Timothy Sackton: Like an opening of some kind.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to say what exactly but like you can see at the edge of your vision like like space opening up a little bit and and something glinting
Mike Sackton: I'll pause for a minute before I keep going and check again for any signs that any creatures have been here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make another survival check
David Kong: Bible checks.
Timothy Sackton: Why is it a server. Yeah, no, no sign of anything.
Mike Sackton: I'll go to just a few feet before it starts to open up
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the area or just opened up is not a pattern. It's a shaft. It's like a vertical Fisher in the rock going up and down and the tunnel seems to end here, you can see on the other side of the
Timothy Sackton: The sort of Fisher and the wall. It's like there's a
Timothy Sackton: Almost like it's a mind.
Mike Sackton: Like this.
Timothy Sackton: Area has been worked a little bit. I'm looking up, it extends beyond the range of your dark vision, looking down, it extends beyond the range of your vision.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: It's almost like
Timothy Sackton: A mineshaft or something like that.
Mike Sackton: But that does the tunnel continue on the other side, or does it, it just
Timothy Sackton: Tunnel is not continue it's
Mike Sackton: Just an open space.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mines and the forage are in that direction on the map.
David Schwartz: So does that suggest there's something valuable in the minds.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess they were mining there for a reason.
Mike Sackton: And Wait, did you say I saw something
Timothy Sackton: Like a metal some sort of
Timothy Sackton: Like very doll.
Timothy Sackton: Was gray ash silver across
Timothy Sackton: The way from you.
Mike Sackton: Is it possible to chip off a piece
Mike Sackton: Or a prospect.
Timothy Sackton: It's across the gap from you.
Mike Sackton: So it's like an open space and then a wall on the other side. I'm just trying to
Mike Sackton: How far to the wall.
Like
Timothy Sackton: 15 feet, maybe
Mike Sackton: Okay, so can I use a chance to chip off a piece
Timothy Sackton: Sir, do you have any
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, like how exactly are you gonna chip a piece of rock.
Mike Sackton: I have a hammer. I have a crowbar
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Mike Sackton: I have a shovel.
David Kong: He does come on dude so fucking walking home.
Depot.
Timothy Sackton: I mean some of that stuff that's presumably on your horse.
Mike Sackton: Yes, correct. For shovel was on my horse.
Mike Sackton: The, the, I mean, I'm not trying to get a big piece right like I figure
Timothy Sackton: To like chip something
Mike Sackton: I want a small enough piece that that I can bring it back to secret and say, what is this metal
Timothy Sackton: Like a nice um
Mike Sackton: So just even something that we're describing is it particularly hard
Timothy Sackton: It's it's it's as you sort of initially start kind of banging on it with a hammer and it is extremely hard like just being on whether little vein of this dark silvery things sticks out is extremely hard and you sort of shift around a little bit and try and like
Timothy Sackton: Being around it and catch it any sort of managed to like hit it a bit on the side on
Timothy Sackton: whacking out with major hand and now you're in the position that you've whacked it and it's starting to fall, and you have a split second to decide if you're going to try and hold on to the hammer or catch the piece of metal.
Mike Sackton: Okay, it's a piece of metal.
Timothy Sackton: Hammer falls.
David Kong: This is some Lord of the Rings shit.
Mike Sackton: Is totally the bow rock from one of their eggs.
David Kong: And why don't we don't not safe. We just have to do this.
Timothy Sackton: You don't hear anything.
Timothy Sackton: Up the hammer falling
Timothy Sackton: Back, you have a
Timothy Sackton: Doll piece of metal now.
David Kong: Our so far.
Mike Sackton: I'll go back
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
Mike Sackton: And I'll tell them, I'll hand this back to them.
Mike Sackton: I'll hand the I'll give secret the piece of metal and explain what I saw. It's basically the minds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong: And a hammer that you dropped it didn't make any noise.
Mike Sackton: With a really long way down. I'm gathering
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah for you not to hear it at all how deep with that mind chef have to be
Eric Rosenbaum: So investigate the middle
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Make
Timothy Sackton: Make a nature check
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's obviously myth for all
That
David Schwartz: He's really tonight.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah, it is not metro
Eric Rosenbaum: Lucky night.
Timothy Sackton: It is, but you have heard of this. This is
Timothy Sackton: This is a very rare iron kind of iron.
Timothy Sackton: Not really iron, but it's a
Timothy Sackton: It's a very rare metal that is found.
Timothy Sackton: Occasionally, usually by dwarves.
Timothy Sackton: Which can be used to create
Timothy Sackton: weapons and armor of unusual durability when it's allied with steel.
Mike Sackton: Automatic
Timothy Sackton: It's automatic
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice stuff you found there. I wonder if there's more
Timothy Sackton: I mean, this is now seeing this, this is what you said. Then you sense there was
Timothy Sackton: A fair bit of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was an active mind at the time of the abandonment.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it couldn't have been this couldn't have been yes there was an active mind that when it was abandoned this couldn't have been what you sense because this is the distance that dealt with went down would put you out of range of
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Of
Timothy Sackton: Your sense from the market. So maybe the top of the mine is more easily accessible or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's more of this elsewhere in the fortress. And that's not surprising.
David Kong: Yeah, just valuable.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a very valuable middle to my people. We can make amazing stuff with this.
David Kong: Did you should you should you have some more of it while you're while you're here.
Mike Sackton: It wouldn't be easy to mine. It was
Mike Sackton: Across a 15 foot shaft
David Kong: Can you use your, your powers with stones are just manipulated somehow
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think so. I can't just pull it out of the rock.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, otherwise. Yeah, we'd all do that all the time.
Mike Sackton: Will be something we could have
Mike Sackton: Hello, how our hosts about
Eric Rosenbaum: If they'd have used for it. It requires I imagine pretty sophisticated techniques to forge and
Eric Rosenbaum: Craft with
Eric Rosenbaum: Which
Timothy Sackton: They did not seem like people who were particularly forging in crafting stuff.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: What are the orbs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of light.
David Kong: That might be useful for me and
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: My sense is that we found out here. What we've what we're going to
David Kong: I mean, we could throw more things down. That chap.
Mike Sackton: That might not be the best idea.
David Kong: And we get out of here.
David Kong: Now is it time to leave yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
David Kong: And can I can I take one of those fears.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, Jeff globes
Timothy Sackton: Those two of them.
David Kong: We add that
Timothy Sackton: Just search for equipment going to manage equipment.
Mike Sackton: That we we don't. We haven't identified any of the other things we found right there were just some motion.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the Warhammer which
Right.
Mike Sackton: So I'm gonna guess
Kate Sackton: Pretty much label like
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right reason no
I'm not
David Kong: The
David Kong: Only one charge me courage is
Timothy Sackton: Unless you cast light on command.
Timothy Sackton: But once per day. You can cast daylight.
Timothy Sackton: Which is much more light.
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So you're heading back up the vault.
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
David Kong: Wrestling raptors perhaps prepare a dish Silver's for our host.
Kate Sackton: Today, keep them separate.
David Kong: giant bag.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is all we found just this one thing
Timothy Sackton: Without shield decorated with Emerald strap.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: You come out of the passageway. Dude, are you doing anything with the keys.
Kate Sackton: Well, good speaker, put them back or good we got
Eric Rosenbaum: I actually seal it up completely. If I can
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That's fairly easy for you to do with the amount of loose loose material that's here.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can say a few words over their bodies and kind of send them on their way.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then close the mirror doors and put the keys back around the next of this
Timothy Sackton: Now, as he turned the doors.
Timothy Sackton: The keys back
Timothy Sackton: You know, back in the direction of the light goes off once they get back to 360 degrees. They don't come out of the holes. They just vanish.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see the reflections have
Timothy Sackton: appeared again around the statues.
Timothy Sackton: And the center door swings shot.
Timothy Sackton: And as soon as the door swing shot and the light goes out.
Timothy Sackton: You hear a voice.
Timothy Sackton: Sweat you have for me now.
Timothy Sackton: See anything but you just hear a voice.
Timothy Sackton: Treasure, we will share
Timothy Sackton: Let me see it.
David Schwartz: There's an underground passage to the Council stronghold.
Kate Sackton: Are there passages that go underground
Timothy Sackton: Tunnels many ways down many paths to the dark
Timothy Sackton: Why should I tell you this. Show me your treasure.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see.
Timothy Sackton: One silver bar. She likes she now drops in visibility and runs over and picks it up and
Timothy Sackton: Silver, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: And she like looks at you sort of peering around but you have more I see this is not all you found
Timothy Sackton: What is that she points at the shield
The reason I came
Timothy Sackton: Bucks more valuable than a bar of silver.
Silver
Timothy Sackton: Something else. Yes. If you want to know more.
Timothy Sackton: She wants to know.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to know the tunnels and the secret ways
Timothy Sackton: Something else.
David Kong: I'm not sure how much gold stuff that we find. Again, how many bars.
Timothy Sackton: Of gold bars and 14 silver purse.
David Kong: Give another silver bar.
You like more silver
Timothy Sackton: Silver, yes. Let me see it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: She grabs that again.
Timothy Sackton: What else is in your bag.
Kate Sackton: More silver more treasure.
Timothy Sackton: Me more
Kate Sackton: Well, I don't want to mean
David Kong: A
Kate Sackton: Better game. Can somebody help me out with an exchange rate, like if I get rid of six bars of silver. Is that worth one gold like
Mike Sackton: 10 to one I think is the normal D amp D exchange rate.
Kate Sackton: So it'd be much lighter to carry much less silver mine and I just give her like anything that's over. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think that's okay.
David Kong: How much are these bars is silver worth a lot
Timothy Sackton: I mean they're each a couple pounds, so they're probably worth
Timothy Sackton: 50 gold or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: 20
David Schwartz: How much is the bar of gold.
Timothy Sackton: So that's much lighter but probably somewhat more than that.
David Kong: Like gold.
And
Timothy Sackton: Gold
David Kong: We think, how much have you ever
Kate Sackton: won two wasn't enough.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Schwartz: I have to guide us across personally to the other side of the valley underground
David Kong: For us, you want to negotiate if
Eric Rosenbaum: You want you want it. You want him in on delivery.
David Kong: Um, yeah, payment on delivery. Very good. THE SHOW. SHOW. SHOW WILL GIVE and then
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll give it to you once we're there. That's what I'm talking about.
Kate Sackton: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Good in writing.
Eric Rosenbaum: These two pieces of silver.
Kate Sackton: Silver I have given you
Kate Sackton: Three more. You could have more than I give you. Now, if you will take us where we want to go.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you go
Timothy Sackton: Not you wanted to leave.
We don't want to leave the door.
Timothy Sackton: Tunnel. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I see it. I know a tunnel. I will not take you through
Timothy Sackton: But I will take you to it.
Kate Sackton: Why will you not take us through what you fear.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no, I will stay here with my people.
Timothy Sackton: And she's like, sort of pasta. Some pop a little
Timothy Sackton: I do not, dear.
Timothy Sackton: You can tell she's not really telling the truth on that one.
David Kong: Oh yeah, I saw censored. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Well, you would advise us then with the wisdom that you use to protect your people about what we should be wary of down that tunnel.
During your three
Pieces of Silver
David Kong: She whispered whispered Roseland she's, she's happy with the silver
Timothy Sackton: She like tops or staff and she says,
Timothy Sackton: I show you the way you give me the silver
Kate Sackton: And advisors. Well as you can.
Timothy Sackton: Come
David Kong: Sis color that talks about you'll give will give her two more Silver Shield. She takes us all away. There, see if she'll she'll take us there for two more.
She's gonna take us to that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thing.
David Kong: Then we didn't want her to take her all take us all the way to the
Mike Sackton: Well,
Mike Sackton: I just wanted
Mike Sackton: Her to tell us what's in there what she knows that she doesn't want to. It's fine.
Mike Sackton: She wants to what's what's there.
Mike Sackton: What does she know about the tunnel.
Kate Sackton: You know where we are going.
Kate Sackton: We would, we would we would pay one more bars silver know what you know about that, please.
Timothy Sackton: Give us your advice. Do not do not my advice. My advice, give me all your gold and leave.
Timothy Sackton: What I know
Timothy Sackton: What I know is the bars are locked
Timothy Sackton: And I have not been passed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a locked gate in the tunnel.
All right.
Mike Sackton: Let's go.
Timothy Sackton: Just like as she's picking up these bars. She's like, putting them in our pockets and like looking at each one like so far just not as she starts leading you then walking. She's like monitoring under her breath like spy weapons. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: This will buy many things.
Timothy Sackton: Huh.
Mike Sackton: Who is she gonna buy from
David Kong: You know, from where from the, from the, the, what is she going. She's not a dwarf. She's a
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know.
You don't know.
Kate Sackton: The other notes. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: No idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now that we've done business maybe worse when you could you could introduce yourself and ask her name.
Kate Sackton: Silver I that we have given you as a token for for guiding us in this place is the treasure of my family that Brian and bolts, who lived here many years. Would you tell me of your, of your history.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Make a Persuasion check
Timothy Sackton: History
Timothy Sackton: I'm called in the car.
Timothy Sackton: This is my place now.
Timothy Sackton: History no future. I see.
Timothy Sackton: Prepare
Timothy Sackton: Prepare yes
Timothy Sackton: When they come when they come, they will not eat my brains. They will eat your brains throw your limp bodies to the blind ones.
Timothy Sackton: That is my future.
Timothy Sackton: Your futures death, I will add yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder who the blind ones are
David Kong: Yeah, can we ask more questions about when they're coming
David Schwartz: What route, they might take
Eric Rosenbaum: Would critical
Timothy Sackton: As you're talking, she's starting to lead you
Timothy Sackton: She's starting to lead you
Timothy Sackton: Back down the quarter that you came, came in.
Timothy Sackton: And sort of
Timothy Sackton: Back out
Timothy Sackton: Now coming back up to the room with the statue.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: The now takes you to the
Timothy Sackton: The sort of North Western so the remember there was like three exits from this room with the statue. She takes you to the north, the one that sort of heading north west, a little bit. Just a short quarter that then leads into
Timothy Sackton: A large sort quarter inch kind of cuts the edge around have a large circular room.
Timothy Sackton: And which is also pitch black.
Timothy Sackton: Those of you who have dark. I guess you have torches right um
Mike Sackton: And we have these clubs.
Timothy Sackton: Clubs. Now you can
Timothy Sackton: Activate one of those. And it's when you do that, she like like hisses and puts her
Timothy Sackton: Her
Timothy Sackton: Arms up it's nasty dwarves.
Timothy Sackton: Light.
Timothy Sackton: And as you pad along. You can see this sort of shadows moving in the distance that kind of
Timothy Sackton: Retreat, and she's like spits over in that
Timothy Sackton: Direction and taps or staffing and kind of curses. A few things in a language. You don't understand, and there's like shadows that are kind of moving against the wall.
Timothy Sackton: And she can lead you down a passageway that turns to the, to the right and so heading east
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Which continues for a little bit in and as you begin to approach. What you see up ahead as a room, she says.
Timothy Sackton: Careful now, watch out for the watch out for the white dangling do not come close to not go north and she leads you through
Timothy Sackton: A small room.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, which is
Timothy Sackton: So just as your sort of passing through
Timothy Sackton: She's, she's sort of hurting you along. And you can see that
Timothy Sackton: To the north to the left, there's another passage way that that exits.
Timothy Sackton: Heading directly north and the room that you're passing through
Timothy Sackton: Has to sort of empty.
Timothy Sackton: Stone chests also built into the wall that sit here and there's like a sort of
Timothy Sackton: Almost like a kind of entry way area like there's a sort of door and another sort of short wall where a gate might have stood
Timothy Sackton: Which is sort of heard as you through there and and to the north, you could just catch a glimpse of what looks like a grand arch way leading off to the north.
Timothy Sackton: And just as quickly, quickly now.
Timothy Sackton: Follow um takes you down.
Timothy Sackton: To a passageway that leads off and now heading sort of East past a small opening with with rooms to the left and to the right.
Timothy Sackton: Past a opening to the left and then the the passageway splits and
Timothy Sackton: Branch, going to the right, leads to a small room that you can see in a branch gone to the left slopes down
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: As the passageway slopes down a little bit. She stops after about 40 feet and you see here now heading directly East
Timothy Sackton: A set of rusty iron bars.
Timothy Sackton: With a rusty padlock and chain.
Timothy Sackton: locking them shot and beyond them a tunnel, leading to the east.
David Kong: And it's just all often that we like long more if you just like went down long North Road for a while though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's the Georgian Highway to the north. I think we asked that that was a gate that was like an arch way. And I think we went to the right. So we're like underneath entrance at ground level I think
Timothy Sackton: You're basically underneath the entrance at ground level yeah yet.
The entrance
Timothy Sackton: You went past the long road north to the sort of room that's next to the entrance, and then you went down underneath.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you're basically right where the entrance is below.
David Kong: Sorry, but we're so so we've been off of the map of the Ravens whole board and outpost for a while.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now,
Mike Sackton: We've been most now where where
Mike Sackton: Where if you look at the label that says market and then just to the right of that there's like exit out just like a tunnel underneath that. Yeah, we're in that that tunnel.
David Kong: Oh, oh, so we're still very far from ravens holdups off. We're still like kind of
David Schwartz: across the valley.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we still
David Kong: gotta gotta got
Eric Rosenbaum: That and then entrance is the one that really piqued his head out of
Earlier. Yeah, right.
Timothy Sackton: And as as she
Timothy Sackton: reaches this tunnel. She looks over you, again, sort of taps or staff says,
Timothy Sackton: I will watch for you and you will be the first. First I point out to them, she's done bangs are stopping vanishes.
Eric Rosenbaum: First I point out to them.
Kate Sackton: For more silver
Timothy Sackton: It didn't know she was for you to give her the same
Eric Rosenbaum: We had a deal.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I thought you were giving that to her because we've reached the tunnel.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who she gonna put this out to
David Kong: Remind players that are going to come up our brains.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, and who are the setlist ones.
David Kong: We asked her about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We went to
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah, you can ask her about that she sort of whenever you mentioned them. She's kind of, it's in person. And it's like,
Timothy Sackton: A pathetic have not helped it all just
Timothy Sackton: They just sit, mon. Don't do anything with the tide does everything
David Kong: Where are they, where are the sadness ones can be like talking dark web and translate
David Kong: Yeah, where I decided
Timothy Sackton: lurk in the shadows. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I have no scale that no
Timothy Sackton: I have no
Timothy Sackton: Power here.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps their creatures corrupted by the mind flares.
David Kong: Where the mind players.
Timothy Sackton: You say that where the mind players.
Timothy Sackton: Enterprise.
David Kong: There's our indoors shimmy you're doing
Timothy Sackton: Right. Her eyes kind of go wide and she says,
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Coming.
Timothy Sackton: They're coming.
From where
Timothy Sackton: You wish to know their secrets. No, we will not tell you their secrets.
Timothy Sackton: We are we prepare the way we see the entrance is clear.
Timothy Sackton: You help us, um,
Timothy Sackton: You help us maybe
Timothy Sackton: Maybe they won't eat you maybe
Timothy Sackton: That will
Timothy Sackton: Help us you to clear other pathogens.
David Kong: So you need our help to clear passages for them to come. Are they are they deep below.
Timothy Sackton: I'll say no more. If their secrets.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
David Kong: What if we share with you more silver
Timothy Sackton: I'm happy to have more silver any that you share with me.
David Kong: But what if you tell us more about about the mind players.
Timothy Sackton: Are you still sending her
David Kong: Yeah, totally.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
David Kong: Not actually going to give her more Solar's
David Kong: Stocking
Timothy Sackton: Says,
Timothy Sackton: Show me the silver
Timothy Sackton: Show me the silver and I tell you
David Kong: You're going to tell us more about the mind players, you're going to tell us why why they're coming where they're coming from.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I will.
Timothy Sackton: You show me silver. I will tell you, I will answer your questions.
David Kong: I don't think so.
David Kong: I don't think I don't think you now.
Timothy Sackton: Go and see what happens to your precious world.
David Kong: She's scared of the mind players.
Timothy Sackton: Now have you
Timothy Sackton: Go.
Timothy Sackton: Hide in your cities.
Timothy Sackton: See what happened.
Timothy Sackton: Go.
David Kong: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you're standing in front of an iron gate.
Timothy Sackton: Just to get rusty lock.
David Kong: Is a good stopping point.
David Kong: Or should we
Mike Sackton: Say I am kind of losing it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, yes, that we could stop here. Or we could go. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Another 15 or 20 minutes up to up to you off.
Mike Sackton: This, I don't know, this feels like a good stopping point.
David Kong: Yeah, I'm happy here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, okay.
Kate Sackton: I agree, I would like us to ponder the fact that there's a water feature in between.
Yeah. Are we are where we're going.
Eric Rosenbaum: We may end up
Eric Rosenbaum: Under under it.
David Kong: So let's just let's just assess for a moment. So there's probably mind players deep underground that are massing some kind of a force that's coming up somehow. Right.
David Schwartz: And they're only signal was a
David Schwartz: Falling hammer drop all the
David Schwartz: Way down to
Mike Sackton: I don't think it's, I mean the portal percentiles did not talk about him body that sounded like mine.
David Kong: Yeah, but that seems like they're related, maybe right that there's, you know, there's kind of dark, ominous forces that are on the move and
David Kong: But, but it's right, it's true that the ceiling of the tunnels, because like she was also implying that like you know she wanted them the rubble removed so that they could, like, get up here, which is, you know, so
David Kong: Seems like there is some kind of like mind flare layer or something like that deeper underground
David Kong: Hang out
Mike Sackton: That thing with the tunnel, then go anywhere except the mommy.
Kate Sackton: Roper was keeping them back.
David Kong: But I thought that I thought the rubble from that shop was like was like intentionally put there by dwarves to
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Now, yes, that's true.
David Kong: Right, so
Kate Sackton: I don't think she thought that we moved the rebel permanently to let the mind players out. I think she thinks that we cut the broker that will allow her to let the mind players.
David Kong: Right, but she was potentially say something about moving Rubble, like she wanted us to move like that we get help.
Kate Sackton: Clear the way
David Kong: Clear the way
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: How we share that this is mine flares. Why do we think that that she's that these people are mind flare.
Eric Rosenbaum: Eating grains. Right.
David Kong: How about human brains and didn't we see like a skeleton of a mind flare, with his head bashed in
Eric Rosenbaum: Put that was old.
Mike Sackton: Very old
David Kong: But then I also had a vision of like my mind flare. And then she was talking about the thing that eats brains. It was like, that's a lot of strong brain.
Mike Sackton: The mind flares.
Mike Sackton: Somewhat compelling there.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, so, said my players and we translated my players and
David Kong: And she she agreed and she would continue decision.
That's true.
David Schwartz: We don't know the connection, though, between my inflators and
David Kong: Yes.
David Schwartz: And whole dimension.
David Schwartz: We do not notice and water and
David Kong: That's right. But, but, I mean,
Kate Sackton: If she wasn't describing
David Kong: True. So tangents.
David Kong: Or connected to the quiet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Last piece. How does she. How does she and her people. How do they benefit from helping the mindfulness
Mike Sackton: Or do they worship them or something.
David Kong: Kind of like subservient dominance relationship ish but then
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
You know,
David Kong: Whatever the hell. These things are
David Kong: feel. I feel like there's got to be some connection between this mind clear army that's like massing someplace and whatever the fuck it is, that's going on with this interdimensional portal.
David Kong: Feels feels
Kate Sackton: I need to mention a portal in I'm raising
Eric Rosenbaum: That we sold them.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's totally it's
David Kong: Not going away 2020 Algar
Eric Rosenbaum: However, the mindful or army might be fake news because Davis made that so
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Mike Sackton: To it on conspiracy about the mind flare.
David Kong: No, no, that that's that's
Mike Sackton: markers are spreading the word that the mind flare Army's coming
David Kong: Oh, that's true. You could carry is. What's her name again.
Timothy Sackton: I'm in our car.
Mike Sackton: In a car.
David Kong: In a car.
David Kong: 2020 and tell our tag or 2027 2020
David Schwartz: Oh, that same thing but
David Schwartz: It's not until right now just how ridiculous it strikes me, our plan is
David Schwartz: Our plan is five people sneak underground into a castle like
David Schwartz: We have no idea what's in here.
David Schwartz: Remotely equipped to handle like I didn't cross my mind. Earlier this terrible plan.
Mike Sackton: Confidence. Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: But also we don't know what we're looking for, why or how it's related to the bad things that are happening.
Mike Sackton: Our plan is not as ridiculous as that.
David Schwartz: In fairness, you completely accomplish your objectives, so well done.
David Kong: We always we also always have to remember that we can run away or stopping
Mike Sackton: Away. Our plan is to find out what weird thing is going on. Go back to Cardoza
Mike Sackton: Can't dress and the other than Mario the like.
Mike Sackton: The world's ending. What do we do now.
David Kong: I mean we're learning things we've already learned some things about mind players, but we don't know anything yet about the
Mike Sackton: Go back and say it's a mind flare poison water.
Eric Rosenbaum: We were supposed to blow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Denmark horn tonight because it's shown it and did it.
Timothy Sackton: Is Russia. Let's talk loud, if you want.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know what happened.
Oh,
David Kong: Happy Russia Shawna, y'all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks. That's probably the mind flare alert horn.
David Kong: Are you all celebrating did y'all do anything to celebrate
Mike Sackton: We are
Timothy Sackton: Where
Eric Rosenbaum: We are same. Yeah.
David Kong: Oh, wow.
David Kong: Very cool. What do you do to celebrate or what's part of the tradition.
Mike Sackton: Traditional you go to serve me that we would traditionally go to services at synagogue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know,
Eric Rosenbaum: eat apples and honey.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, as simple as having a sweet year
David Schwartz: Big circular holiday.
Mike Sackton: Yes Dana made. Oh yeah, Dana maida like Apple circular Apple Hala to bring to the second dinner tomorrow, but you
Eric Rosenbaum: Will be
Mike Sackton: Where we're we're having a large gathering where we're not eating because it's too.
Mike Sackton: Hard to have a
Mike Sackton: Large gathering and
Mike Sackton: What we're just gonna like have fallen and talk and say prayers and stuff. But then we're having dinner. Tim and parents data didn't want to share that fancy house she
Eric Rosenbaum: Might
Timothy Sackton: Bring
Timothy Sackton: Us. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the large gathering and outdoor indoor
Eric Rosenbaum: Like okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, there's
Mike Sackton: One of the rushes out of traditions is where you like Tesla, Todd. I'm not gonna test leash where you throw Brad or something into the body of water that kind of
Mike Sackton: acorns traditionally is what we throw because that's what's at the Lexington Rez
Right.
Mike Sackton: So that's a very outdoor thing. So we'll do that and
Mike Sackton: Have some apples and honey six feet apart.
David Kong: Did I am I, I feel like I somehow did not realize you're totally put together that are you so you are all of you Jewish like culturally, we're
Mike Sackton: Not
David Kong: It's not okay.
Kate Sackton: So I'm a practicing
Mike Sackton: But like I was totally not that tuition High School.
Mike Sackton: Like
Mike Sackton: Not like
Timothy Sackton: But we used to do.
Timothy Sackton: Passover occasionally do like Hanukkah with
Eric Rosenbaum: With sports.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That's how we found out
Mike Sackton: Passover that were fourth cousins.
Third,
Mike Sackton: Or fourth cousins.
David Schwartz: Cousins.
Mike Sackton: Cousins.
Timothy Sackton: I thought our kids.
David Schwartz: Maybe they're
Mike Sackton: Your kids. Our kids are cousins.
Mike Sackton: You didn't know this that acid shorts or fourth cousins.
David Kong: I mean, I have this memory that's kind of returning to me now. Wait, so
David Kong: Sorry, can I
David Schwartz: Can I swear, we never dated
David Kong: Some like quick like stupid ignorant questions about like we're growing up.
Mike Sackton: So,
David Kong: Our brief for all of you are your parents both Jewish or like
Mike Sackton: Now,
David Kong: If I remember I'm having some foggy memories of
David Kong: Like yeah you
David Kong: Know center but yeah
David Kong: That might
Mike Sackton: Our mom as Unitarian
Mike Sackton: All right, Dad is Jewish.
Mike Sackton: Okay. He actually we never really they were not
Mike Sackton: The Lexington temples. When I don't know if you maybe have never heard this started. He went to one of the temples and Lexington, it was like oh maybe my kids. You go to Hebrew school. They're like, Oh, but you married a Christian. So we don't want to talk to you.
Mike Sackton: And then he just walked out
Mike Sackton: Wow. And everyone
Timothy Sackton: But he's also an atheist.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean like
Mike Sackton: Important. Right, right.
Mike Sackton: But he was like, well, I'm not gonna bother with you if you're not respecting my rate.
Mike Sackton: Right, we never went to Hebrew school or anything.
Mike Sackton: And didn't really have any sort of Jewish me, we celebrated Passover, right.
David Kong: Now, yeah.
David Kong: We did you have the Docker wall or is that somebody else, you know. Miller We black
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that was Ilan, yes, it was. That was the
Eric Rosenbaum: Bar Mitzvah.
David Schwartz: A t shirt printing
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like super low res
Eric Rosenbaum: digital photos, print it onto T shirts.
David Kong: Okay. Okay, so, so
Eric Rosenbaum: Like maybe two, maybe one or two or whatever. Yeah.
David Kong: Late so so growing up, then you guys did not do many only very few cultural
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, Passover.
Mike Sackton: Hanukkah.
David Kong: And shorts you so and what how
David Schwartz: Will how so so my dad was Jewish and my mom was not
David Schwartz: And found the Unitarians mostly became Unitarian because Sally Patrick so Owens mom.
David Schwartz: Yes, Sunday school and
David Schwartz: Mandy and Laura were in preschool together. So my mom became friends with Sally.
David Schwartz: Right. And as I don't know if this really true, but the way my wife tells us where it's like
David Schwartz: Oh, if sell it teaches Sunday school there. It can't be that bad.
David Schwartz: I don't know if that's really true, but we yeah we celebrated so so Passover in Russia, and we fast for young core and like candles for Hanukkah. And when we were kids, we make when we were little, we'd make Suka in the backyard on the swing set which
David Schwartz: Which mostly just involve like tying carrots on strings.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have not seen this.
David Schwartz: Holiday. I'm not like seen so good done that way.
David Schwartz: Ever since then so
David Schwartz: But yeah, so
David Kong: I think part of the reason why I'm so confused or just like trying to like my brain is like my memory so foggy because yeah cuz i think i have memory very
David Kong: Deep associations for us with you and the Unitarian Church that the Unitarian church right and like can you sing and perform and like that, you know,
David Schwartz: I did I say
David Schwartz: All through middle school and high school setting.
David Kong: Right. So that's what I thought that
David Kong: You were, you were either Unitarian or
David Kong: This is like an eye because Tim, I remember you guys were like, kinda like you did some some cultural
Timothy Sackton: It wasn't easy to imagine
David Schwartz: And I would invite you to continue to invest
David Kong: In ministry.
David Kong: Synagogues that's like
David Kong: You know,
David Kong: Now, I was like, very confused. For a second I was like wait, this is okay so it but you still practice cultural traditions. Now,